Downloaded from
YTS.MX
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
>> Trevor: WELCOME TO THE 64th
ANNUAL GRAMMY AWARDS.
I'M YOUR HOST. TREVOR NOAH. AND
TONIGHT. FOR THE FIRST TIME
EVER. MUSIC'S BIGGEST NIGHT
IS COMING TO YOU FROM LAS VEGAS.
VEGAS. BABY!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
I CAN SMELL THE BAD DECISIONS
FROM UP HERE ALREADY!
AND LIKE MOST PEOPLE WHO VISIT
VEGAS. WE MAY NOT KNOW WHERE WE
ARE IN THE MORNING. BUT RIGHT
NOW WE'RE HERE AT THE M.G.M.
GRAND!
TONIGHT IS GOING TO BE A SPECIAL
NIGHT.
WE HAVE ALL YOUR FAVORITE
ARTISTS PERFORMING. AND WE WILL
BE GIVING OUT THE BIGGEST AWARD
IN MUSIC.
SO. LET'S GET STRAIGHT INTO IT.
KICKING FF TONIGHT FROM INSIDE
M.G.M. GRAND GARDEN ARENA IS A
DYNAMIC DUO WHO ARE
SINGLEHANDEDLY BRINGING BACK
THE '70s. WHICH MIGHT EXPLAIN
ALL THE INFLATION.
IT'S BRUNO MARS AND ANDERSON
.PAAK IN SILK SONIC!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ ♪ ♪
POPPA NEED A BRAND-NEW
♪ FOREIGN UH HOT HAND
THEY NOT GON' BELIEVE ME
♪ BUT CHECK THE RECORDIN' OOH
JUST TOUCHED DOWN
♪ DOWN
I'M 'BOUT TO BUY LAS VEGAS
♪ AFTER THIS ROLL
♪ AFTER THIS ROLL. COME ON
SEVEN. SEVEN. SEVEN
♪ LET'S GO
♪ ♪ ♪
OOH WEE
♪ AYY
NOW WE MAKIN' MONEY
♪ NOW WE MAKIN' MONEY
♪ ONE. TWO. THREE
SPIN THE WHEEL FOR ME
♪ HOO. BLACKJACK
BACCARAT
♪ DEALER WHERE YOU AT?
DEAL FOR ME
♪ DEALER WHERE YOU AT
WHERE YOU AT?
♪ WOO. GIMME THE CHIPS.
GIVE ME THE CHIPS
♪ GIVE IT SOME MAGIC
GO ALL IN
♪ WHY
I CAN SEE THE
♪ CHAMPAGNE FALLIN'
I GOT BILLS TO PAY
♪ BUT BILLS CAN WAIT--
IT. WE BALLIN'
♪ STACKS ON STACKS
STACKS
♪ RACKS ON RACKS
RACKS
♪ MOONWALK TO THE MONEY
LIKE I'M MIKE JACK'. OW
♪ YES. I'M FADED
AYY
♪ PUPILS DILATED
BUT THE MAN IN THE MIRROR
♪ SAYIN'. "GON' GET YOUR PAPER"
GET IT
♪ PRETTY MOTHER WITH SOME
MONEY TO BLOW
♪ I'M 'BOUT TO BUY LAS VEGAS
AFTER THIS ROLL
AFTER THIS ROLL. COME ON
♪ SEVEN. SEVEN. SEVEN
LET'S GO
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ OOH WEE
THIS THE BIG ONE
♪ BIG MONEY
YOU GOTTA TRUST YOUR GUT
♪ YOU GOTTA TRUST YOUR GUT
NOW. NOW
♪ CAN YOU FEEL IT
♪ ♪ ♪
THIS THE BIG ONE
♪ BIG MONEY
YOU GOTTA TRUST YOUR GUT
♪ YOU GOTTA TRUST YOUR GUT
NOW. NOW
♪ CAN YOU FEEL IT
WAIT A MINUTE
♪ ♪ ♪
>> I'M GON' TELL YOU ONE TIME
AND ONE TIME ONLY.
♪ GET UP NOW
GET UP NOW
LAS VEGAS WE HOT
♪ LAS VEGAS WE HOT
SILK SONIC WE HOT
PRETTY BROTHER WITH SOME
♪ MONEY TO BLOW
I'M 'BOUT TO BUY
♪ LAS VEGAS AFTER THIS ROLL
COME ON
♪ SEVEN. SEVEN
SEVEN. SEVEN
♪ SEVEN. LET'S GO
♪ ♪ ♪
SEVEN. SEVEN
♪ SEVEN. SEVEN
SEVEN. LET'S GO
♪ ♪ ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Trevor: SILK SONIC.
EVERYBODY!
KEEP IT GOING!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
MAN. THAT WAS AMAZING.
EVEN IF YOU DOBTS HAVE A
GIRLFRIEND. THEY JUST STOLE HER
FROM YOU.
WELCOME. EVERYBODY. TO THE
64th ANNUAL GRAMMY AWARDS.
WE MADE IT. PEOPLE!
WE MADE IT!
OH MAN.
IT'S BEEN A LONG TIME COMING AND
ST HAS BEEN DELAYED BUT WE ARE
OFFICIALLY HERE. BETTER LATE
THAN NEVER. RIGHT. AND LOOK AT
THIS ROOM. THIS IS A PARTY.
EVERYONE IS HANGING OUT.
WE'VE GOT THE TABLES.
WE'RE IN VEGAS.
LOOK AT THIS. PEOPLE ARE DOING
SHOTS.
I MEAN LAST YEAR PEOPLE WERE
DOING SHODS BUT IT WAS MORE
MODERN AND AND PFIZER. THIS TIME
WE'RE BACK IN THE MIX.
AND EVERYONE IS HERE. EVERY
SINGLE PERSON IS HERE. OLIVIA
RODRIGO. I SAW HER MYSELF. YEAH.
SHE WAS GETS CARDED AND SHE HAD
TO SHOW A BOUNCER HER ACTUAL'S
DRIVER'S LICENSE T WAS LIKE
HISTORY. YOU KNOW WHAT I ELSE I
SAW. I SAW NAS STANDING TKES IN
LIL NAS X. HE WAS ACTUALLY
TALLER. THEY DON'T TELL YOU
THIS. BILLIE EILISH AND HER
BROTHER FINNEAS ARE HERE. YEP.
AND I'M NOT GOING TO LIE THERE
IS ONLY ONE QUESTION I CAN'T
WAIT TO ASK THEM.
AND I THINK IT IS A QUESTION
THAT EVERYONE IS BUYING TO KNOW.
WHAT IS FINNEAS'S LAST NAME.
IS IT EILISH?
IT HAS TO BE EILISH. RIGHT. WHY
WON'T YOU TELL US. FINIAS WHAT
ARE YOU HEADING. FTS IS IN THE
HOUSE. PEOPLE.
AND BEFORE WE FIGHT. I CALL DIBS
ON RM YOU CAN FIGHT OVER
EVERYBODY ELSE WA. IS GOING ON.
BILLY PORTER. HOW YOU DOING.
>> I GOT TO SHOW BTS SOME OF MY
DANCE MOVES AND HE SAID I WAS
MISHUIN AND I DON'T SPEAK KOREAN
BUT I THINK IT MEANS PRETTY
DOPE.
LADY GAGA AND JARED LETO.
MORE LIKE A GUCCI AIRBNB.
THIS ROOM IS FULL OF MUSIC ROYAL
TEE. JUSTIN BIEBER. I SAW HIM
SOMEWHERE.
THAT'S RIGHT. THERE HE IS.
JB IN THE HOUSE.
THE BEST THING TO HAPPEN TO
BEACHES SINCE THAT TIMOTHEE CHAL
O MAY MOVIE. AND THAT'S NOT ALL.
BRANDI CARLILE. CHRIS STAPLETON.
BROTHERS OSBORNE. J BALVIN. JON
BATISTE. JOHN LEGEND-- IT'S LIKE
A MUSICAL MADAME TUSSAUDS' IN
HERE.
IN HERE AND LATER TONIGHT YOU
HAVE TO STAY TUNED FOR AN
AMAZING PERFORMANCE BY H.E.R.
FEATURING JIMMY JAM. TERRY
LEWIS. TRAVIS BARKER AND LENNY
KRAVITZ. ALL ON THE STAGE AT THE
SAME TIME IT WILL BE SUCH A
BEAUTIFUL EVENING.
DON'T EVEN THINK OF THIS AS AN
AWARD SHOW T SAY CON SETTER
WHERE WE ARE GIVING OUT AWARDS.
WE WILL BE LISTENING TO MUSIC.
DANCING. SING. KEEP'S PEOPLE'S
NAMES OUT OF OUR MOUTHS AND WE
ARE GOING TO GIVE PEOPLE AWARDS
ALL THROUGHOUT THE NIGHT.
SO LET'S GET STRAIGHT INTO IT.
OUR NEXT PERFORMER AT ONLY 19 IS
NOMINATED FOR SEVEN GRAMMYS
INCLUDING RECORD AND SONG AND
ALBUM OF THE YEAR AND BEST NEW
ARTIST.
WHEN I WAS 19 THE ONLY THING I
WAS NOMINATED FOR WAS LEAST
LIKELY TO GET HIS ACNE UNDER
CONTROL.
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN. WELCOME TO
THE GRAMMY STAGE. OLIVIA RODRIGO
.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ ♪ ♪
>> ♪ I GOT MY DRIVERS LICENSE
LAST WEEK JUST LIKE WE ALWAYS
♪ TALKED ABOUT 'CAUSE YOU WERE
SO EXCITED
♪ FOR ME TO FINALLY DRIVE UP TO
YOUR HOUSE BUT TODAY I DROVE
♪ THROUGH THE SUBURBS
CRYING 'CAUSE YOU WEREN'T AROUND
♪ WHO ALWAYS MADE ME DOUBT
♪ SHE'S EVERYTHING I'M INSECURE
ABOUT YEAH
♪ TODAY I DROVE THROUGH THE
SUBURBS
♪ 'CAUSE HOW COULD I EVER LOVE
SOMEONE ELSE?
♪ AND I KNOW WE WEREN'T PERFECT
BUT I'VE NEVER FELT THIS WAY
♪ FOR NO ONE
AND I JUST CAN'T IMAGINE
♪ HOW YOU COULD BE SO OKAY
NOW THAT I'M GONE
♪ GUESS YOU DIDN'T
MEAN WHAT YOU WROTE IN THAT
♪ SONG ABOUT ME
'CAUSE YOU SAID FOREVER
♪ NOW I DRIVE ALONE
PAST YOUR STREET
♪ AND ALL MY FRIENDS ARE TIRED
OF HEARING HOW MUCH I MISS YOU
♪ BUT I KINDA FEEL
SORRY FOR THEM
♪ 'CAUSE THEY'LL NEVER KNOW YOU
THE WAY THAT I DO. YEAH
♪ TODAY I DROVE THROUGH THE
SUBURBS
♪ AND PICTURED I WAS DRIVING
HOME TO YOU
♪ AND I KNOW
WE WEREN'T PERFECT BUT
♪ I'VE NEVER FELT THIS WAY FOR
NO ONE OH
♪ AND I JUST CAN'T IMAGINE
HOW YOU
♪ COULD BE SO OKAY
NOW THAT
♪ I'M GONE
I GUESS
♪ YOU DIDN'T MEAN WHAT YOU WROTE
IN THAT
♪ SONG ABOUT ME
'CAUSE YOU SAID FOR EVER. NOW I
♪ DRIVE ALONE PAST YOUR
STREET
RED LIGHTS STOP
SIGNS
♪ I STILL SEE YOUR FACE IN THE
WHITE CARS FRONT YARDS
♪ CAN'T DRIVE PAST THE PLACES
WE USED TO GO TO
♪ 'CAUSE YOU KNOW I STILL LOVE
YOU. BABE
♪ OOH
OOH
♪ SIDEWALKS WE CROSSED
I STILL HEAR YOUR VOICE
♪ IN THE TRAFFIC
WE'RE LAUGHING
♪ OVER ALL THE NOISE GOD.
I'M SO BLUE. KNOW WE'RE THROUGH
♪ BUT YOU KNOW I STILL
LOVE YOU BABE
♪ OOH
OOH
♪ QUIET I KNOW WE WEREN'T
PERFECT BUT I'VE NEVER
♪ FELT THIS WAY
FOR NO ONE
♪ AND I JUST CAN'T IMAGINE
HOW YOU
♪ COULD BE SO OKAY
NOW THAT
♪ I'M GONE
GUESS YOU DIDN'T MEAN WHAT
♪ YOU WROTE IN THAT
SONG ABOUT ME
♪ 'CAUSE YOU SAID FOREVER
NOW I DRIVE ALONE
♪ PAST YOUR STREET
YEAH. YOU SAID FOREVER
♪ NOW I DRIVE ALONE
PAST YOUR STREET ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Trevor: THAT'S RIGHT. KEEP
IT GOING. OLIVIA RODRIGO. THAT
WAS AMAZING. WOW!
THAT WAS SO AMAZING.
JUST
CAPTURING JUST HOW HEARTBREAKING
IT IS GOING TO THE D.M.V.
( LAUGHTER )
AND NOW. ONE OF THE MOST-TALKED
ABOUT ARTISTS ANYWHERE IN THE
WORLD TODAY. A GRAMMY AND LATIN
GRAMMY-WINNING SUPERSTAR
NOMINATED THIS YEAR IN THE
JOINED BY LATIN GRAMMY NOMINEE
MARIA BECCERA. THIS IS J BALVIN!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> ♪ ¿QUÉ MÁS
PUES? ¿CÓMO TE HA IDO? ¿SIGUE'
SOLTERA
♪ O YA TIENE' MARIDO?
SÉ QUE ES PERSONAL.
♪ PERDONA LO ATREVIDO TE PEDÍ EN
NAVIDAD
♪ Y SANTA NO TE HA TRAÍDO PERO.
¿QUÉ MÁS PUES?
♪ ¿QUÉ HA HABIDO? TE PERDÍ EL
RASTRO POR DISTRAÍDO LA FAMA
♪ ESTO ME TIENE
PERO NO ME OLVIDO
♪ DE LO SUCEDIDO
ME PERDISTE DE VISTA AHORA E'
♪ CON OTRO CON QUIEN VACILO EN
LA PISTA. EY AY.
♪ JOSÉ. NO ME INSISTA' DAS
MUCHAS
♪ VUELTA'. PARECE' MOTOCICLISTA.
EY
♪ NINGUNA CON ESTE PORTE TENGO
ESTE
♪ BOOTY SIN HACER DEPORTE
NADA VA A HACER QUE ME IMPORTE'
♪ PORQUE MI
BRÚJULA YA CAMBIÓ SU NORTE
♪ iWUH!
REGÁLAME OTRA
♪ NOCHE. QUIERO VERTE
QUE HAY QUE ACLARAR PAR
♪ DE COSAS PEN-DIENTE'
MA'. ¿QUÉ LO QUE ? ¿DÓNDE
♪ ESTÁS? DIME. A VER QUE YO
VOY
♪ VOY
REGÁLAME OTRA
♪ NOCHE. QUIERO VERTE
QUE HAY QUE ACLARAR PAR
♪ DE COSAS PEN-DIENTE'
MA'. ¿QUÉ LO QUE? ¿DÓNDE
♪ ESTÁS? DIME. A VER QUE YO
VOY
♪ OH
♪ TE LLAMÉ EN AGOSTO APARE
CISTE EN ENERO TÚ DE
♪ VACACIONE' EN BOSTON Y OTRO
APARECIÓ PRIMERO Y ME
♪ ESTÁ' EMPALAGANDO Y ESO
QUE NO E' GOLOSINA TÚ MU
♪ CHO ME ESTÁ' MIRANDO Y ESO
QUE NO SOY VITRINA
♪ ♪ ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ PARTY IN DI GETTO
INNA
♪ DI GETTO
ESTO SE
♪ LA VECINA
NO SÉ QUÉ BEBIÓ
♪ EL VECINO
NO SÉ QUÉ PRENDIÓ
♪ A LA GENTE NO SÉ QUÉ LE DIO.
PERO
♪ TO' EL MUNDO ESTÁ LOCO
TO' EL MUNDO. TO' EL MUNDO
♪ ESTÁ LOCO
TO' EL MUNDO RAYA'O DEL COCO
♪ Y YO SOLO SÉ QUE MONTARON
PARTY IN DI GETTO
♪ INNA DI GETTO
PARTY INNA DI GETTO
PARTY IN DI GETTO
♪ INNA DI GETTO
EN EL GETTO HAY PARTY. TO'
♪ EL MUNDO. EVERYBODY 'TAMO
FLOW RASTAFARI 'TÁ PERFECTO
♪ ESE BODY MAMI. TÚ
ESTÁS BIEN SALVAJE Y YO
♪ QUE ESTOY DE SAFARI DJ.
NO LE BAJE'. PONGAN LA DE
♪ TEGO Y DE DADDY
ESE ES DE QUILATE'
♪ SE TE NOTAN LOS PILATE'
HOY TÚ GANA' O YO GANO NO LO
♪ DEJAMO' EN EMPATE
EN MI CASA ES EL REMATE
♪ NOS FUIMO'
CALLA'O. SIN DAR DETALLE'
♪ LA GENTE YA SE DIO CUENTA. QUE
MONTAMO' LA DISCO EN LA CALLE
♪ Y ESTO ES
INNA
♪ DI GETTO
PARTY IN DI GETTO
♪ INNA
DI GETTO
♪ PARTY INNA DI GETTO
INNA
♪ DI GETTO
PARTY IN DI GETTO
♪ PARTY IN DI GET
IN DA GET
♪ ♪ ♪
PARTY IN DI GETTO
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ ♪ ♪
>> UP NEXT: QUESTLOVE PRESENTS
THE GRAMMY FOR SONG OF THE YEAR.
THEN. PERFORMANCES BY BTS. LIL
NAS X. BILLIE EILISH. JUSTIN
BIEBER.
AND LATER. NAS PERFORMS. AND
LADY GAGA SINGS FOR TONY
BENNETT.
ONLY ON THE GRAMMY AWARDS.
♪ ♪ ♪
( APPLAUSE )
>> Trevor: WELCOME BACK TO THE
ANNUAL 64th GRAMMY AWARDS LIVE
FROM THE M.G.M. GRAND.
WE'RE HERE IN VEGAS!
FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER!
VEGAS: IF CRYPTO WERE A CITY.
TO PRESENT OUR FIRST AWARD
TONIGHT. A SIX-TIME GRAMMY
YOU JUST WON A BRAND NEW GRAMMY
EARLIER TODAY FOR SUMMER OF
SOUL. ALSO THE BEATING HEART OF
THE ROOT.
I DID MENTION IS HE NOW AN OSCAR
MINUTE WINNING
OSCAR WINNING-DIRECTOR?
GET ON YOUR FEET FOR QUESTLOVE!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT. I AM GOING TO PRESENT
THIS AWARD AND I TRUST THAT YOU
PEOPLE WILL STAY 500 FEET AWAY
FROM ME.
AS
THEY SAY IT IS FAR BETTER TO
GIVE THAN TO RECEIVE.
WELL. I'M NOT SO SURE ABOUT THAT
BECAUSE LAST SUNDAY IT FELT
PRETTY GOOD TO RECEIVE.
YOU KNOW. AN AWARD.
( APPLAUSE )
BUT I WILL SAY THAT IT IS ALSO
GREAT TO WIN A GRAMMY AWARD FOR
THIS-- FROM THIS PARTICULAR
ACADEMY.
YOU KNOW. FOR 22 YEARS. YOU
KNOW. THE ROOTS WON OUR FIRST
AWARD AND YOU KNOW. IT WAS
EXCITING AS IF IT WERE THE FIRST
TIME.
YOU NEVER FORGET YOUR FIRST
AND YOU KNOW. THIS IS NOW A
SPECIAL MOMENT FOR SOMEONE.
AND WE'RE GOING TO MAKE A MEMORY
FOR THEM TONIGHT.
AND THESE ARE THE
THESE ARE THE OUTSTANDING
NOMINATIONS FOR SONG OF THE
YEAR.
>> Announcer: SONG OF THE YEAR.
"BAD HABITS" BY FRED GIBSON.
JOHNNY McDAID. AND ED SHEERAN.
ED SHEERAN. ARTIST.
"A BEAUTIFUL NOISE" BY RUBY
AMANFU. BRANDI CARLILE. BRANDY
CLARK. ALICIA KEYS. HILLARY
LINDSEY. LORI McKENNA. LINDA
PERRY. AND HAILEY WHITTERS.
ALICIA KEYS AND BRANDI CARLILE.
ARTIST.
"DRIVERS LICENSE" BY DANIEL
NIGRO AND OLIVIA RODRIGO.
OLIVIA RODRIGO. ARTIST.
"FIGHT FOR YOU" BY DERNST EMILE
II. H.E.R.. AND TIARA THOMAS.
H.E.R.. ARTIST.
"HAPPIER THAN EVER" BY BILLIE
EILISH O'CONNELL AND FINNEAS
O'CONNELL.
BILLIE EILISH. ARTIST.
"KISS ME MORE" BY ROGÉT
CHAHAYED. AMALA ZANDILE DLAMINI.
LUKASZ GOTTWALD. CARTER LANG.
GERARD A. POWELL II. SOLÁNA
ROWE. AND DAVID SPRECHER.
DOJA CAT FEATURING SZA. ARTIST.
"LEAVE THE DOOR OPEN" BY BRANDON
ANDERSON. CHRISTOPHER BRODY
BROWN. DERNST EMILE II. AND
BRUNO MARS.
SILK SONIC. ARTIST.
"MONTERO (CALL ME BY YOUR NAME)"
BY DENZEL BAPTISTE. DAVID BIRAL.
OMER FEDI. MONTERO HILL. AND ROY
LENZO.
LIL NAS X. ARTIST.
"PEACHES" BY LOUIS BELL. JUSTIN
BIEBER. GIVEON DEZMANN EVANS.
BERNARD HARVEY. FELISHA "FURY"
KING. MATTHEW SEAN LEON. LUIS
MANUEL MARTINEZ JR.. AARON
SIMMONDS. ASHTON SIMMONDS.
ANDREW WOTMAN. AND KEAVAN
YAZDANI.
JUSTIN BIEBER FEATURING DANIEL
CAESAR AND GIVEON. ARTIST.
"RIGHT ON TIME" BY BRANDI
CARLILE. DAVE COBB. PHIL
HANSEROTH. AND TIM HANSEROTH.
BRANDI CARLILE. ARTIST.
>> AND THE GRAMMY GOES TO:
"LEAVE THE DOOR OPEN"
BRANDON ANDERSON. CHRISTOPHER
BRODY BROWN. DERNST EMILE II.
AND BRUNO MARS. SILK SONIC
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> HI. HI.
I JUST WANT TO SAY THANK YOU TO
MY TEAM AND MY FAMILY. MY
BEAUTIFUL WIFE OUT THERE.
THIS IS FOR MY MOM. SHE PASSED
ON WEDNESDAY.
SO THIS IS FOR HER.
(APPLAUSE)
>> COME HERE!
I LOVE YOU. I WANT TO THANK
EVERYBODY THAT HELPED WITH US
THIS ALBUM.
WANT TO THANK CHARLES. ANDY.
COULDN'T BE PROUDER DOING THIS
WITH YOU. THANK YOU SO MUCH.
THANK YOU GUYS SO MUCH. AND YOU
KNOW IT IS BECAUSE OF YOU ME AND
ANDY WILL BE SINGING THIS SONG
FOREVER. SO GOD BLESS YOU ALL.
>> FOR THE REST OF OUR LIVES. WE
LOVE YOU.
(APPLAUSE).
>> Trevor: CONGRATULATIONS.
SILK SONIC.
MAN. WE LOVE THAT SONG. JUST BY
THE WAY. TO EVERYONE IN THE
ROOM. I NOTICED SOMETHING. I
KNOW WE ARE WATCHING A SHOW. I
KNOW IT IS AN AWARD SHOW. BUT
WHEN THE MUSIC. YOU DON'T HAVE
TO DANCE IN YOUR CHAIR. YOU KNOW
YOU CAN GET UP. I KNOW I SAW
SOME OF YOU WRIGGLING. DON'T DO
IT. YOU LOOK WEIRD. STARNTION
YOU WIGGLE BETTER ON TWO FEET.
TO ALL THE NOMINEES IN THE
CATEGORY WHO DIDN'T WIN. I KNOW
ARE YOU SAD RIGHT NOW. EVERYBODY
WANTS TO WIN. BUT PLEASE
REMEMBER. TONIGHT IS NOT JUST
ABOUT WING. ARE YOU NOMINATED.
YOU MIGHT NOT WIN BUT REMEMBER.
AT THE END OF THE DAY. YOU HAVE
SOMETHING THAT NOT EVERYBODY
HAS.
MONEY.
(LAUGHTER)
I KNOW YOU WANT THE TROPHY BUT
THE TROPHY WON'T HELP YOU PAY
FOR YOUR HOUSE. MONEY. PEOPLE.
DON'T FORGET WHAT COUNTS IN
LIFE.
ALL RIGHT.
IT'S TIME FOR ANOTHER
PERFORMANCE.
NOMINATED AGAIN THIS
NOMINATED AGAIN THIS YEAR FOR
BEST POP DUO/GROUP PERFORMANCE.
LET'S MAKE SOME NOISE-- AS IF I
REALLY HAD TO TELL YOU THAT--
FOR GLOBAL SUPERSTARS BTS!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
( MODEM STATIC )
♪ ♪ ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> ♪ SMOOTH LIKE
BUTTER LIKE A
♪ CRIMINAL UNDER COVER GON'
POP LIKE TROUBLE BREAKIN'
♪ INTO YOUR HEART LIKE THAT
COOL SHADE STUNNER YEAH I
♪ OWE IT ALL TO MY MOTHER
HOT LIKE SUMMER YEAH I'M
♪ MAKING YOU SWEAT LIKE THAT
>> ♪ BREAK IT DOWN
OH WHEN I LOOK IN THE MIRROR
♪ I'LL MELT YOUR HEART INTO TWO
I GOT THAT SUPERSTAR GLOW. SO
>> ♪ OHH
DO THE BOOGIE. LIKE
♪ SIDE STEP RIGHT
LEFT TO MY BEAT
♪ HIGH LIKE THE MOON
ROCK WITH ME BABY
♪ KNOW THAT I GOT
THAT HEAT LET ME
♪ SHOW YOU 'CAUSE TALK IS CHEAP
SIDE STEP RIGHT LEFT TO MY
♪ BEAT GET IT LET IT ROLL
SMOOTH LIKE BUTTER
♪ PULL YOU IN LIKE
NO OTHER DON'T
♪ NEED NO USHER TO
REMIND ME YOU GOT IT BAD
♪ AIN'T NO OTHER THAT CAN
SWEEP YOU UP LIKE A ROBBER
>> ♪ STRAIGHT UP I
GOT YA
♪ MAKING YOU FALL LIKE THAT
BREAK IT DOWN
>> ♪ OH WHEN I LOOK IN THE
MIRROR
♪ I'LL MELT YOUR HEART INTO TWO
♪ I GOT THAT SUPERSTAR GLOW. SO
OHH
♪ DO THE BOOGIE. LIKE
♪ SIDE STEP RIGHT LEFT TO MY
BEAT
♪ HIGH LIKE THE MOON ROCK WITH
ME BABY
♪ KNOW THAT I GOT THAT HEAT LET
ME
♪ SHOW YOU 'CAUSE TALK IS CHEAP
SIDE STEP RIGHT LEFT TO MY
♪ BEAT GET IT LET IT ROLL
♪ ♪ ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> ♪ GET IT LET IT ROLL
♪ NO ICE ON MY WRIST
I'M THAT NICE GUY
♪ GOT THAT RIGHT BODY
AND THAT RIGHT MIND
♪ ROLLIN' UP TO PARTY
GOT THE RIGHT VIBE
♪ SMOOTH LIKE BUTTER
HATE US
♪ LOVE US
>> ♪ FRESH. BOY PULL UP
AND WE LAY LOW
♪ ALL THE PLAYAS GET MOVIN'
WHEN THE BASS LOW
♪ GOT ARMY RIGHT BEHIND US
WHEN WE SAY SO
♪ OOH LET'S GO
♪ SIDE STEP RIGHT
LEFT TO MY BEAT
♪ HEART BEAT
HIGH LIKE THE MOON
♪ ROCK WITH ME BABY
>> ♪ KNOW THAT I GOT THAT HEAT
LET ME
♪ SHOW YOU 'CAUSE TALK IS CHEAP
YOU KNOW THAT TALK IS CHEAP
♪ SIDE STEP RIGHT
LEFT TO MY BEAT
GET IT LET IT ROLL
♪ SMOOTH LIKE BUTTER
COOL SHADE STUNNER
♪ AND YOU KNOW WE DON'T STOP
HOT LIKE SUMMER
♪ AIN'T NO BUMMER
YOU'LL BE LIKE "OH MY GOD"
♪ WE GON' MAKE YOU ROCK. AND YOU
SAY YEAH
♪ WE GON' MAKE YOU BOUNCE. AND
YOU SAY YEAH
♪ HOTTER? SWEETER! COOLER?
BUTTER!
♪ GET IT LET IT ROLL ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Trevor: ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
WHAT WAS THAT?
BTS. EVERYBODY!
OH MAN!
ALL RIGHT. IT'S TIME FOR US TO
TAKE A QUICK BREAK.
NOMINATED IN THE 86 DIFFERENT
GRAMMY CATEGORIES THIS YEAR.
AROUND THE WORLD. NOMINATED
AGAIN THIS YEAR FOR BEST
TROPICAL LATIN ALBUM: AYMÉE
NUVIOLA!
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ ♪ ♪
( SINGING IN SPANISH )
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Trevor: AYMÉE NUVIOLA.
EVERYBODY!
AMAZING.
YOU CAN SEE THE FULL
PERFORMANCES FROM OUR ROOFTOP
ONLINE AFTER THE SHOW.
ALL RIGHT. IT'S TIME FOR SOME
MUSIC DOWN HERE.
OUR NEXT PERFORMER HAS FIVE
HE RAPS. HE SINGS. HE UPSETS
YOUR HOMOPHOBIC UNCLE.
JOINED BY JACK HARLOW. GIVE IT
UP FOR LIL NAS X!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ ♪ ♪
2018. I WAS AT MY SISTER HOUSE
♪ THE WHOLE SUMMER
SONGS WASN'T DOIN' NUMBERS
♪ WHOLE LIFE WAS GOIN' UNDER
LEFT SCHOOL. THEN MY DAD AND I
♪ HAD A FACE-TO-FACE IN ATLANTA
HE SAID. "IT'S ONE IN A MILLION
♪ CHANCE. SON"
I TOLD HIM. "DADDY. I AM
♪ THAT ONE." UH. UH
I AIN'T NEVER NEED HIM. HUH
♪ I AIN'T NEVER NEED NO
I AIN'T NEVER NEED NO FEATURE
♪ IF I DIDN'T BLOW
I WOULD'VE DIED
♪ TRYNA BE HERE
IF IT DIDN'T GO
♪ SUICIDE. WOULDN'T BE HERE
NOW THEY ALL COME AROUND
♪ LIKE THEY'VE BEEN HERE
WHEN YOU GET THIS
♪ RICH AND FAMOUS. EVERYBODY
COME UP TO YOU SINGIN'
♪ HALLELUJAH
HOW'D YOU DO IT
♪ HOW'D YOU DO IT
YEAH ♪
♪ ♪ ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> CAUSED QUITE THE REACTION
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ DRINKIN' WITH YOUR FRIENDS
YOU LIVE IN THE DARK. BOY
♪ I CANNOT PRETEND
I'M NOT PHASED
♪ ONLY HERE TO SIN
IF EVE AIN'T IN YOUR GARDEN
♪ YOU KNOW THAT YOU CAN
CALL ME WHEN YOU WANT
♪ CALL ME WHEN YOU NEED
CALL ME IN THE MORNING
♪ I'LL BE ON THE WAY
CALL ME WHEN YOU WANT
♪ CALL ME WHEN YOU NEED
CALL ME OUT BY YOUR NAME
♪ I'LL BE ON THE WAY LIKE
CALL ME BY YOUR NAME
♪ TELL ME YOU LOVED ME
IN PRIVATE
♪ CALL ME BY YOUR NAME
I DO NOT CARE IF YOU LYIN' ♪
♪ ♪ ♪
HE THE NUMBER ONE SONG ON THE
BILLBOARD 100.
♪ ♪ ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ BABY BACK. AYY
COUPLE RACKS. AYY
♪ COUPLE GRAMMYS ON HIM
COUPLE PLAQUES. AYY
♪ THAT'S A FACT. AYY
THROW IT BACK. AYY
♪ THROW IT BACK. AYY
AND THIS ONE IS FOR
♪ THE CHAMPIONS
I AIN'T LOST SINCE I BEGAN
♪ FUNNY HOW YOU SAID
IT WAS THE END
♪ YEAH THEN I WENT
DID IT AGAIN
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ I TOLD YOU LONG AGO
ON THE ROAD
♪ I GOT WHAT THEY WAITIN' FOR
♪ I DON'T RUN FROM NOTHIN'
DOG GET YOUR SOLDIERS
♪ TELL 'EM I AIN'T LAYIN' LOW
♪ YOU WAS NEVER REALLY ROOTIN'
FOR ME ANYWAY
WHEN I'M BACK UP AT THE TOP
♪ I WANNA HEAR YOU SAY
♪ HE DON'T RUN FROM NOTHIN'
DOG GET YOUR SOLDIERS
♪ TELL 'EM THAT THE BREAK IS
OVER. YEAH ♪
♪ MY TRACK RECORD SO CLEAN
THEY COULDN'T WAIT TO
♪ JUST BASH ME
I MUST BE GETTIN' TOO FLASHY
♪ Y'ALL SHOULDN'T HAVE
LET THE WORLD GAS ME. WOO
♪ IT'S TOO LATE 'CAUSE I'M
HERE TO STAY
♪ AND THESE GIRLS KNOW THAT
I'M NASTY. MM
♪ I SENT HER BACK TO HER
BOYFRIEND WITH MY HAND PRINT
CITY TALKIN. WE TAKIN' NOTES
♪ TELL 'EM ALL TO KEEP
MAKIN' POSTS
♪ WISH HE COULD
BUT HE CAN'T GET CLOSE
♪ O.G. SO PROUD OF ME THAT
HE CHOKIN' UP WHILE HE
♪ MAKIN' TOASTS
I'M THE TYPE THAT
♪ YOU CAN'T CONTROL
SAID I WOULD THEN
♪ I MADE IT. SO
♪ ♪ ♪
YOU WAS NEVER REALLY
♪ ROOTIN' FOR ME ANYWAY
LIKE. OOH-OOH
♪ WHEN I'M BACK UP AT THE TOP
I WANNA HEAR YOU SAY
HE DON'T RUN FROM NOTHIN'
♪ DOG GET YOUR SOLDIERS
TELL 'EM THAT THE BREAK IS
♪ OVER
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ YEAH
I'M THE INDUSTRY BABY. MMM
♪ I'M THE INDUSTRY BABY. YEAH ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Announcer: SEE HOW THE NEW
RECORDING ACADEMY CELEBRATES
THE BEST IN MUSIC YEAR-ROUND.
GO BEHIND THE VOTE AT
www.recordingacademy.com
UP NEXT: KELSEA BALLERINI AND
ANTHONY MACKIE PRESENT THE
GRAMMY FOR BEST COUNTRY ALBUM;
THEN PERFORMANCES FROM BILLIE
EILISH. BRANDI CARLILE. CHRIS
STAPLETON.
AND LATER. H.E.R. WITH JAM AND
LEWIS. AND TRAVIS BARKER.
THE GRAMMY AWARDS.
THIS IS CBS.
♪ ♪ ♪
>> Announcer: TO PRESENT THE
GRAMMY FOR BEST COUNTRY
ALBUM. HERE ARE THE HOSTS OF THE
C.M.T. MUSIC AWARDS AIRING APRIL
11 ON CBS: KELSEA BALLERINI AND
ANTHONY MACKIE.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> THIS YEAR'S IMPRESSIVE GRAMMY
NOMINATIONS FOR BEST COUNTRY
ALBUM REPRESENT THE EXCELLENCE.
AMBITION AND RANGE OF COUNTRY
MUSIC TODAY.
EACH OF THESE ARTISTS HAS MADE A
CONTRIBUTION TO A MUSICAL GENRE
ANTHONY AND I BOTH LOVE.
>> THESE ARTISTS ALL DISPLAYED
TREMENDOUS TALENT AND THE
STRENGTH TO STAY TRUE TO THEIR
OWN SOUNDS AND VISIONS.
SO. THESE ARE THE IMPRESSIVE
GRAMMY NOMINEES FOR BEST COUNTRY
ALBUM.
>> Announcer: BEST COUNTRY
"SKELETONS." BROTHERS OSBORNE.
"REMEMBER HER NAME." MICKEY
GUYTON.
"THE MARFA TAPES." MIRANDA
LAMBERT. JON RANDALL. AND JACK
INGRAM.
"THE BALLAD OF DOOD AND
JUANITA." STURGILL SIMPSON.
"STARTING OVER." CHRIS
STAPLETON.
>> AND THE GRAMMY GOES TO:
"STARTING OVER." CHRIS
STAPLETON.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> I AM SITTING HERE. TALKING
TO-- DAD ABOUT MUSIC AND NOW HE
SAID HAVE I BEEN WORKING FOR 31
YEARS S THAT RIGHT.
I AM ABOUT FIVE AND TODAY IS MY
TWIN'S BIRTHDAY.
THANK YOU.
SO I THINK A LOT. I'M THINKING A
LOT ABOUT SACRIFICE CUZ I MISSED
OUT ON SOME OF THE BIRTHDAYS.
EVERYBODY IN THIS ROOM HAS MADE
SOME KIND OF A SACRIFICE TO BE
UP HERE DOING THIS.
AND I DON'T KNOW WHAT ST FOR
EVERYBODY BUT I KNOW THAT IT
HURTS SOMETIMES.
BUT HOPEFULLY WE'RE ALL DOING IT
SO WE MAKE THE WORLD A BETTER
PLACE AND THE PEOPLE THAT LIVE
IN IT WILL LOVE EACH OTHER AND
HAVE A GOOD TIME TOGETHER AND
COME TOGETHER.
SO THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THIS
AWARD.
STAY KIND.
I JUST WANT TO THANK GOD. MY
FAMILY. JOE. LYDIA. MY PARENTS.
THANK YOU ALL.
(APPLAUSE).
>> Trevor: CONGRATULATIONS
CHRIS STAPLETON. DON'T FORGET IS
HE PERFORMING LATER IN THE SHOW.
MAKE SURE YOU DON'T MISS THAT.
LOOK.
LOOK. PEOPLE. I DON'T HAVE TO
TELL YOU THE PANDEMIC HAS BEEN
HARD ON EVERYBODY.
YOU KNOW IT'S ROUGH WHEN YOUR
FAVORITE ARTISTS GO FROM TRYING
TO SELL YOU MUSIC TO TRYING TO
SELL YOU PICTURES OF DIGITAL
MONKEYS.
TONIGHT. WE'RE GOING TO PUT THE
GRAMMY SPOTLIGHT ON THE BEHIND
THE SCENES WORKERS WHO MAKE LIVE
MUSIC SO SPECIAL.
I'M TALKING ABOUT THE TOURING
TEAMS AND STAGE CREWS YOU CHEER
FOR BY ACCIDENT BECAUSE YOU
THINK IT'S THE BAND TAKING THE
STAGE.
WELL. TONIGHT WE'RE GOING TO MIX
THINGS UP AND CHEER FOR THEM ON
PURPOSE BECAUSE AFTER TWO YEARS
OF CANCELLED AND POSTPONED
TOURS. NOBODY DESERVES THE
SPOTLIGHT MORE THAN THE PEOPLE
WHO ACTUALLY PUT UP THAT
SPOTLIGHT.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
SO. WE'RE CELEBRATING THOSE
WHO'VE DONE SO MUCH TO GET LIVE
MUSIC BACK ON OUR STAGES AND
BACK INTO OUR LIVES. AND WE'VE
ASKED THEM TO INTRODUCE ARTISTS
WITH WHOM THEY WORK.
TO INTRODUCE HER TONIGHT. PLEASE
WELCOME THE PRODUCTION MANAGER
WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR
ORGANIZING ALL HER MEGA-TOURS
AND SHOWS ALL OVER THE WORLD:
NICOLE MASSEY.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> GOOD EVENING. EVERYBODY.
WOW.
I DON'T USUALLY GET INTRODUCED
BY TREVOR NOAH. BUT I FEEL VERY
HONORED.
I JUST RAN OVER HERE FROM MY DAY
JOB. DOING WHATEVER IT TAKES TO
SUPPORT THIS NEXT AMAZING YOUNG
ARTIST'S PRODUCTION AND OUR
TOURING CREW AROUND THE WORLD.
I'VE BEEN ON THE ROAD FOR 23
YEARS NOW WITH EVERYONE FROM
BETTE MIDLER TO BACKSTREET BOYS.
ROD STEWART TO COLDPLAY.
I BECAME PRODUCTION MANAGER FOR
THIS NEXT INCREDIBLE YOUNG
ARTIST. CONTINUING TO PAVE THE
WAY FOR THE NEXT GENERATION OF
WOMEN IN TOURING.
I LOVE MY JOB AND OUR WHOLE
TOURING FAMILY.
HI GUYS.
SOME OF WHOM WERE VERY
GENEROUSLY ASSISTED DURING THE
PANDEMIC BY
I COULD NOT BE MORE PROUD TO
INTRODUCE AN ARTIST WHO SPEAKS
SO POWERFULLY TO YOUNG WOMEN AND
THE BEST 20-YEAR-OLD
BOSS IN THE WORLD. BILLIE
EILISH!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> ♪ WHEN I'M AWAY FROM YOU
I'M HAPPIER THAN EVER
♪ WISH I COULD EXPLAIN IT
BETTER
♪ I WISH IT WASN'T
TRUE
♪ GIVE ME A DAY OR TWO
TO THINK OF SOMETHING
♪ CLEVER
TO WRITE MYSELF A
♪ LETTER
TO TELL ME WHAT TO DO
♪ DO YOU
READ MY INTERVIEWS?
♪ OR DO
YOU SKIP MY AVENUE?
♪ WHEN YOU
SAID YOU WERE PASSIN' THROUGH
♪ WAS I EVEN ON YOUR WAY?
I KNEW
♪ WHEN I ASKED YOU TO
♪ BE COOL ABOUT WHAT I WAS
TELLIN' YOU
♪ YOU'D DO THE OPPOSITE OF WHAT
YOU SAID YOU'D DO
♪ AND I'D END UP MORE AFRAID
DON'T SAY IT ISN'T FAIR
♪ YOU CLEARLY WEREN'T AWARE
THAT YOU MADE ME
♪ MISERABLE
SO. IF YOU REALLY WANNA KNOW
♪ WHEN I'M AWAY FROM YOU
I'M HAPPIER THAN EVER
♪ WISH I COULD EXPLAIN IT
BETTER
♪ I WISH IT WASN'T TRUE
♪ ♪ ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ YOU CALL ME AGAIN
DRUNK IN YOUR BENZ
♪ DRIVIN' HOME UNDER THE
INFLUENCE
♪ YOU SCARED ME TO DEATH
BUT I'M WASTIN' MY BREATH
♪ 'CAUSE YOU ONLY LISTEN TO
YOUR
♪ I DON'T RELATE TO YOU
I DON'T RELATE TO YOU. NO
♪ 'CAUSE I'D NEVER TREAT ME
THIS--
YOU MADE ME HATE THIS CITY
♪ AND I DON'T TALK--
ABOUT YOU ON THE INTERNET
♪ NEVER TOLD ANYONE
ANYTHING BAD
♪ 'CAUSE THAT'S-- EMBARRASSING
♪ YOU WERE MY EVERYTHING
AND ALL THAT YOU DID WAS
MAKE ME-- SAD
♪ SO DON'T WASTE THE TIME
I DON'T HAVE
♪ AND DON'T TRY TO MAKE ME
FEEL BAD
♪ I COULD TALK ABOUT EVERY TIME
THAT YOU SHOWED UP ON TIME
♪ BUT I'D HAVE AN EMPTY LINE
'CAUSE YOU NEVER DID
♪ NEVER PAID ANY MIND TO MY
MOTHER OR FRIENDS. SO I
♪ SHUT 'EM ALL OUT FOR YOU
'CAUSE I WAS A KID
♪ YOU RUINED EVERYTHING GOOD
ALWAYS SAID YOU WERE
♪ MISUNDERSTOOD
MADE ALL MY MOMENTS YOUR OWN
♪ JUST-- LEAVE ME ALONE
♪ ♪ ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> UP NEXT: DUA LIPA AND MEGAN
THEE STALLION PRESENT THE GRAMMY
FOR BEST NEW ARTIST.
THEN. JONI MITCHELL AND BONNIE
RAITT INTRODUCE BRANDI CARLILE.
AND HIP-HOP LEGEND NAS TAKES THE
GRAMMY STAGE.
THIS IS THE GRAMMYS ON CBS.
>> Announcer: BEHIND EVERY
GRAMMY NOMINEE. LIVE SHOW. AND
NEW ARTIST IS A COMMUNITY OF
PEOPLE MAKING IT ALL POSSIBLE.
MUSICARES PROVIDES CRITICAL
HEALTH AND WELFARE SERVICES TO
EVERYONE WORKING IN MUSIC.
FOLLOW US TO LEARN HOW YOU CAN
HELP.
THE 64th GRAMMY AWARDS IS
SPONSORED BY:
NEUTROGENA HYDRO BOOST-- FOR
SKIN SO SUPPLE. IT BOUNCES BACK.
>> Announcer: NEXT. BRANDI
CARLILE RETURNS TO THE GRAMMY
STAGE.
THIS IS CBS.
>> Trevor: WE'RE BACK PEOPLE
AT THE GRAMMYS AND AS YOU CAN
SEE I'M SEATED WITH SILK SONIC.
YES. MULTIPLE GRAMMY AWARD
WINNER. TONIGHT AND ANDERSON YOU
JUST CRUSHED IT MAN. I MEAN ARE
YOU SILK SONIC. YOU KNOW?
>> YOU KNOW. ME AND BRUNO ARE
HAVING A GOOD TIME. MAN.
YOU KNOW. WE WORK REALLY HARD.
>> Trevor: WE DON'T TALK ABOUT
BRUNO. I'M TALKING ABOUT YOU
RIGHT NOW.
YOU BEEN KILLING IT. YOU HAVE
GOT THE DRUMS. YOU ARE THE
RHYTHM. ARE YOU THE SILK AND THE
SONIC. DO YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
>> TO GOD BE THE GLORY.
>> Trevor: I FEEL YOU. YOU
KNOW. I'VE BEEN READING THE
REVIEWS FOR THE SHOWS IN VEGAS.
O FOR THOSE THAT DON'T KNOW.
THESE TWO MEN HAVE BEEN
PERFORMING IN VEGAS. ANDERSON
PAAK AK IS KILLING. THEY SAID
IF ONLY IT COULD BE BETTER IS
MAYBE A SOUTH AFRICAN ELEMENT
INCORPORATED.
>> IS THAT WHAT THEY ARE SAYING.
>> Trevor: THAT IS WHAT THEY
ARE SAYING. THAT IS WHAT I HEAR.
YOU HAVE BEEN ALL RIGHT TOO.
B
>> Trevor: AND NOW. A CATEGORY
THAT CELEBRATES ARTISTS WHO YOUR
GRANDMA WILL BE ASKING ABOUT IN
FIVE YEARS.
PLEASE WELCOME TOGETHER TONIGHT
HERE IN THE M.G.M. GRAND GARDEN
ARENA. THE 2019 AND 2021 GRAMMY
WINNERS FOR BEST NEW ARTIST: DUA
LIPA AND MEGAN THEE STALLION.
I WAS TOLD I HAD THE EXCLUSIVE.
I'M GOING TO HAVE TO HAVE A TALK
WITH DONATELLA.
>> YEAH. CUZ I THOUGHT I WAS.
>> YEAH. OKAY.
WHAT'S HAPPENING.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
LET'S DO THIS.
NOW THANK YOU DONATELLA!
NOW WE BOTH LOOK LIKE WINNERS!
BUT MEGAN. WE KNOW THAT THIS
MOMENTS IS NOT ABOUT US.
OR ABOUT OUR OUTFITS.
IT IS ABOUT A TRULY SWEET GRAMMY
AWARD THAT WE KNOW LOOKS EVEN
BETTER WHEN YOU TAKE IT HOME.
THESE ARE THE VERY TALENTED
NOMINEES FOR BEST NEW ARTIST.
>> Announcer: BEST NEW ARTIST.
AROOJ AFTAB.
JIMMIE ALLEN.
♪ ♪ ♪
>> AND THE GRAMMY GOES TO:
OLIVIA RODRIGO.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> OH MY GOD!
WHOA. GOD. THANK YOU SO MUCH TO
THE RECORDING ACADEMY. THIS IS
MY BIGGEST DREAM COME TRUE.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
THANK YOU TO EVERYONE AT INTENT
SCOPE ESPECIALLY JOHN FOR
BELIEVING IN ME AND MY SONG
WRITING BEFORE EVERYTHING US AND
TO STEVE BERMAN AND THE REST OF
MY AMAZING TEAM.
THANK MY AMAZING PARENTSES AND
MY BEST FRIENDS IRIS. MADDIE AND
CONAN. I LOVE YOU GUYS AND
THANKS TO DAN WHO MADE ALL OF MY
MUSIC TO ME. DAN. YOU ARE THE
BEST FRIEND CORKS LAB RATER.
PERSON I COULD EVER ASK FOR.
SO THIS IS ALL BECAUSE OF YOU.
THANK YOU.
(APPLAUSE).
>> Trevor: CONGRATULATIONS
OLIVIA RODRIGO. WELL DESERVED.
PLEASE WELCOME GRAMMY LIFETIME
ACHIEVEMENT HONOREE BONNIE
RAITT; AND MUSICARES PERSON OF
THE YEAR. JONI MITCHELL.
WHO JUST WON A NEW GRAMMY IN
RAY CEREMONY EARLIER TODAY. JONI
MITCHELL.
>> THIS PAST FRIDAY NIGHT. THE
RECORDING ACADEMY PROUDLY
CELEBRATED ONE OF THE TRUEST AND
MOST IMPORTANT ARTISTS IN
HISTORY. A MUSICIAN WHO SET THE
STANDARD FOR ALL THOSE WHO HAVE
FOLLOWED: THE ONE AND ONLY JONI
MITCHELL.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> THANK YOU. BONNIE.
AND CONGRATULATIONS TO YOU ON
YOUR RICHLY-DESERVED LIFETIME
ACHIEVEMENT AWARD.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> THANK YOU. JONI.
WITH THE LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENT
AWARDS.
THE RECORDING ACADEMY HELPS
ENSURE THE GRAMMYS CELEBRATE NOT
ONY TODAY'S GREATEST ARTISTS.
BUT ALSO MANY OF THE MUSIC'S
LEGENDS AND PIONEERS.
AND NOW. WE ARE HONORED TO
INTRODUCE THIS NEXT BRILLIANT
ARTIST WHO THREE YEARS AGO
MADE HER GRAMMY DEBUT WITH ONE
OF THE MOST IMPACTFUL
PERFORMANCES EVER.
>> PLEASE WELCOME AN
EXTRAORDINARY ARTIST AND
BEAUTIFUL HUMAN BEING WITH A
STUNNING. BRAVE AND TRUTHFUL
VOICE: MY BRILLIANT FRIEND.
BRANDI CARLILE!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ COME BACK NOW
EVEN IF YOU
♪ CALL ME OUT
YOU MIGHT BE ANGRY NOW
♪ OF COURSE YOU ARE
I'M SCARED TOO
♪ DIDN'T MEAN TO TAKE IT
OUT ON YOU
♪ I KNOW I
ALWAYS DO
♪ YOU'RE THE STRONGEST PERSON
IN THE ROOM
♪ TURN BACK TIME
HELP ME TO REWIND AND WE CAN
♪ FIND OURSELVES AGAIN
IT'S NOT TOO LATE
♪ EITHER WAY. I LOSE YOU
IN THESE SILENT DAYS
♪ IT WASN'T RIGHT
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ BUT IT WAS
RIGHT ON TIME
♪ ♪ ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ DON'T LOOK DOWN
I CAN FEEL IT WHEN YOUR
HEART STARTS POUNDING
♪ IT'S BEYOND YOUR CONTROL
YOU KNOW IT IS
♪ IT'S GETTING TO THE POINT
WHERE I CAN'T CARRY ON
♪ I NEVER HELD MY BREATH FOR
QUITE THIS LONG
♪ AND I DON'T TAKE IT BACK
I DID WHAT I HAD TO DO
♪ IT'S NOT TOO LATE
EITHER WAY
♪ I LOSE YOU IN THESE
SILENT DAYS
♪ IT WASN'T RIGHT
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
BUT IT WAS
♪ RIGHT ON TIME
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ IT'S NOT TOO LATE
EITHER WAY
♪ I LOSE YOU IN THESE
SILENT DAYS
♪ IT WASN'T RIGHT
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
BUT IT WAS
♪ RIGHT
ON TIME ♪
♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Announcer: NEXT UP: NAS
PERFORMS. LADY GAGA SINGS FOR
TONY BENNETT. AND JOHN LEGEND
LEADS A MUSICAL MOMENT FOR THE
PEOPLE OF UKRAINE.
AND STILL TO COME. LENNY KRAVITZ
PRESENTS THE AWARD FOR ALBUM OF
THE YEAR.
THIS IS CBS.
>> Trevor: WELCOME BACK TO THE
GRAMMY AWARDS. LIVE FROM THE
M.G.M. GRAND GARDEN ARENA.
WE'RE IN VEGAS. BABY
T IS LIKE DISNEY WORLD IF MICKEY
WAS WILLING TO BREAK YOUR LEGS.
THERE ARE FEW ARTISTS WHO HAVE
HAD MORE IMPACT ON THEIR GENRE
THAN NAS HAS HAD ON HIP HOP.
THIS GRAMMY WINNER ONLY NEEDS
ONE MIC. BUT HE'S GOT A WHOLE
BAND.
NOMINATED TODAY FOR BEST RAP
SONG AND BEST RAP ALBUM FOR
"KING'S DISEASE II." THIS IS
NAS!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ ♪ ♪
>> ♪ I KNOW I CAN
BE WHAT I WANNA BE
♪ IF I WORK HARD AT IT
I'LL BE WHERE I WANNA BE
♪ I KNOW I CAN
I KNOW I CAN
♪ BE WHAT I WANNA BE
BE WHAT I WANNA BE
♪ IF I WORK HARD AT IT
IF I WORK HARD IT
♪ I'LL BE WHERE I WANNA BE
I'LL BE WHERE I WANNA BE ♪
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ UH
UH
THEY SHOOTIN'
♪ AW MADE YOU LOOK
YOU A SLAVE TO A PAGE
♪ IN MY RHYME BOOK
GETTIN' BIG MONEY
♪ PLAYBOY YOUR TIME'S UP
WHERE THEM GANGSTAS
♪ WHERE THEM DIMES AT?
THEY SHOOTIN'
♪ YO ALL I NEED IS
ONE MIC ONE BEAT
♪ ONE STAGE ONE FRONT
MY FACE ON THE FRONT PAGE
♪ ONLY IF I HAD ONE GUN
ONE GIRL AND ONE CRIB
♪ ONE GOD TO SHOW ME HOW TO DO
THINGS HIS SON DID PURE
♪ LIKE A CUP OF VIRGIN BLOOD
MIXED WITH 151
♪ ONE SIP'LL MAKE A-- FLIP
WRITIN' NAMES ON MY HOLLOW TIPS
♪ PLOTTIN' MAD VIOLENCE
WHO I'M GON' BODY
♪ THIS HOOD POLITICS
ACKNOWLEDGE IT. LEAVE BODIES
♪ CHOPPED IN GARBAGE'S
SEEDS WATCH US
♪ GROW UP AND TRY TO FOLLOW US
POLICE WATCH US
♪ ROLL UP AND TRY KNOCKIN' US
ONE KNEE I DUCKED
♪ COULD IT BE MY TIME IS UP
BUT MY LUCK. I GOT UP
♪ THE COP SHOT AGAIN
BUS STOP GLASS BURSTS
♪ A FIEND DROPS HIS HEINEKEN
RICHOCHETIN' BETWEEN THE
♪ SPOTS THAT I'M HIDIN' IN
BLACKIN' OUT AS I SHOOT BACK
♪ GETTIN' HIT
THIS IS MY HOOD
♪ I'MA REP TO THE DEATH OF IT
'TIL EVERYBODY COME HOME
♪ LITTLE-- IS GROWN HOOD
RATS. DON'T ABORTION YOUR WOMB
♪ WE NEED MORE
WARRIORS SOON SENT FROM
♪ THE STAR. SUN AND THE MOON
IN THIS LIFE OF POLICE CHASES
♪ STREET SWEEPERS AND COPPERS
STICK-UP KIDS WITH
♪ NO CONSCIENCE. LEAVIN'
VICTIMS WITH DOCTORS
♪ IF YOU REALLY THINK YOU READY
TO DIE WITH 9s OUT
♪ THIS IS WHAT NAS IS 'BOUT
THE TIME IS NOW
♪ YO. ALL I NEED IS ONE MIC ♪
♪ ♪ ♪
YORK STATE OF MIND.
THE FAKE ONES WON'T MAKE IT
BACK.
THE DUNGEON.
OH.
LET'S
♪ YO. I'M IN RARE FORM
RARE FORM
♪ SPEAK DOWN ON MY NAME
LIKE I WASN'T THERE FOR 'EM
♪ THERE FOR 'EM
TALK ABOUT BACK IN THE DAYS
♪ THIS ISN'T BACK IN THE DAYS
THEY WANT ME BACK IN MY WAYS
♪ CHIPPED TOOTH AND THE FADE
♪ UH I'M IN RARE FORM
LEVELS OF TARANTINO
♪ CURVIN' MY EGO
EVEN THOUGH HE KNOW
♪ EMPTY GLASS OF PINOT
CIGARS AND CASINOS
♪ WHAT THEY ESPECIALLY PRAISE
IS THE ETHOS
♪ STACKS ON BLACKJACK
MOVIN' MY CHIPS NO
♪ SUPERSTITION TO MAKE
ME GET RICH
♪ I'M WITH THIS CHICK
JUST ONE I BROUGHT TODAY
♪ IN BETWEEN PLACIN' MY BETS
WE SHOP TO CARTIER ROSE GOLD
♪ I COPPED HER A SET RUN WAY
HOPPED IN THE JET
♪ FLIGHT ATTENDANT POPPIN' MO
I SAID I NEED THAT DOM
♪ OFF THE RESPECT WE HAVIN'
CONVERSATIONS SHOW ME PROPERTY
♪ THEN I CALL MY--
AND I TELL HIM.
♪ "YO. I GOTTA BE THERE"
SALMON SHISH KEBAB
♪ IN A MISTY FOG
ROLL A STICKY LOG
♪ BIG DAWG AFFAIR
NO KIDS INVOLVED
♪ ROUND-TABLE HAVIN' WAR COUNCIL
PRESS ONE BUTTON
♪ IT'LL CHANGE THE WORLD
AROND YOU TOO
♪ RARE. NOTHIN' TO SEE HERE
CUBAN OVER MY STREET WEAR
♪ YOU'RE NOBODY 'TIL SOMEBODY
KILLS YOU. JUST TO BE FAIR
♪ IT'S OKAY TO KEEP THE
MYSTIQUE. I LEARNED THAT
♪ IN THE STREET ON ME
SOLO OR DEEP. I'M PUTTIN' ON
♪ FOR THE G'S 2
♪ WE BEEN DOIN' GANGSTA--
FOR A LONG TIME
♪ LOOK INSIDE MY MIND
SEE A GOLD MINE
♪ I'M MY OWN COSIGN
SHE TEXTIN' THE OLD LINE
♪ YOU KEEP STARIN' AT THE GLOW
DON'T GO BLIND
♪ BRAVEHEART ENERGY
ALL OF THE ENEMIES
♪ XO HENNESSY
IT'S NOT ON ME
♪ IT'S IN ME
I'M NOT HERE TO BE FRIENDLY
♪ THEY AIN'T EVEN PRETENDIN'
COMPRENDE?
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ ♪ ♪
>> Announcer: MUSIC HAS A HOME
AT THE GRAMMY MUSEUM!
VISIT TODAY TO EXPLORE OUR
SPECIAL EXHIBITIONS. AND SIGN-UP
TO BE PART OF OUR NATIONAL MUSIC
EDUCATION PROGRAMS. INCLUDING
GRAMMY CAMP!
LEARN MORE AT
www.grammymuseum.org.
UP NEXT. LUDACRIS PRESENTS THE
AWARD FOR BEST RAP ALBUM; CHRIS
STAPLETON PERFORMS; A SALUTE TO
THE MUSIC LEGENDS WE LOST
THIS PAST YEAR; AND LATER.
PERFORMANCES FROM JUSTIN BIEBER.
H.E.R. AND CARRIE UNDERWOOD.
THE GRAMMY AWARDS.
THIS IS CBS.
>> Announcer: CHRIS STAPLETON IS
ABOUT TO TAKE THE GRAMMY STAGE.
THIS IS CBS.
>> Announcer: TO PRESENT THE
GRAMMY FOR BEST RAP ALBUM:
THREE-TIME GRAMMY WINNER.
LUDACRIS.
>> THANK YOU. THANK YOU. NOW
LISTEN. JUST MOMENTS AGO ON THE
GRAMMY STAGE WE ALL WITNESSED A
PHENOMENAL RAP PERFORMANCE BY BY
A LEGEND WHO HAS BEEN DOING IT
FOR OVER THREE DECADE. AND IN
RAP MUSIC I THINK THAT DESERVES
ANOTHER ROUND OF APPLAUSE.
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN. MY VIRGO
BROTHER NAS.
AND NOW I HAVE THE HONOR TO
PRESENT THE GRAMMY FOR BEST RAP
PERFORMANCE AND THESE ARE THE
NOMINATIONS.
>> Announcer: BEST RAP ALBUM.
AND THE WINNER TREVOR NOAH DON'T
EVEN TRY IT. BRO.
DON'T EVEN TRY.
THE GRAMMY GOES TO FAMILY TIES
BABY KEEN AND KENDRICK LAMAR.
>> WOW.
WOW.
NOTHING CAN PREPARE ME FOR THIS
MOMENT TONIGHT.
I JUST WANT TO SAY THANK YOU TO
MY SUPPORT SYSTEM.
THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS. MY
FAMILY. THE WOMEN THAT RAISED
ME.
THAT SHAPED ME TO BECOME THE MAN
MI TODAY.
MY TEAM. MY INCREDIBLE TEAM. THE
WOMEN AND MEN THAT SHEP SHAPE
EVERYTHING THAT WE GOT GOING ON
BEHIND THE SCENES.
DAVE. KENDRICK. NYIAH. ANT AND
MANY MORE. I CAN'T EVEN. JUST
THANK YOU EVERYBODY.
AND IT'S A DREAM.
(APPLAUSE).
>> Trevor: CONGRATULATIONS
AGAIN. ALL RIGHT. OUR NEXT
PERFORMER IS A COUNTRY MUSIC
SUPERSTAR WITH A LIST AV
GRIEVEMENTS AS LONG AS HIS
BEARD.
HE HAS ALREADY WON THREE NEW
GRAMMY AWARDS TODAY.
AND HERE TO INTRODUCE HIM IS HIS
HARDWORKING ASSISTANT TOUR
MANAGER KATIE WILKINSON. #R
>> HEY. I'M KATIE WILKINSON. AND
I'M AN ASSISTANT TOUR MANAGER.
AT ANY GIVEN MOMENT. THAT COULD
MEAN DOING TICKETING. WORKING ON
THE ARCHIVES. AND EVEN DOING
SOME COOKING FOR CHRIS AND
MORGANE.
IT USUALLY COMES DOWN TO MAKING
SURE THE BACKSTAGE FEELS LIKE
HOME. BECAUSE THE STAPLETONS ARE
REAL. DOWN-TO-EARTH GIVING
PEOPLE WHO HAVE MADE IT FEEL
LIKE WE ARE ON TOUR WITH FAMILY.
THAT FEELING HELPED US THROUGH
THE LAST FEW YEARS THAT WERE
DIFFICULT FOR SO MANY PEOPLE.
AND I COULD NOT FEEL MORE
HONORED TO STAND AT THE GRAMMYS.
( LAUGHS )
REPRESENT OUR TOURING FAMILY AND
INTRODUCE TO YOU THE BEST
GRAMMY AWARD-WINNING SONG THAT
HE WROTE WITH HIS LONG TIME BAND
MADE. THE BEST IN THE BUSINESS.
CHRIS STAPLETON.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ GIRL. THE WAY YOU
BROKE MY HEART.
♪ IT SHATTERED LIKE A ROCK
THROUGH A WINDOW
♪ I THOUGHT WE HAD IT SO GOOD
I NEVER REALLY SAW THIS COMIN'
♪ OH WHY YOU GOT TO BE SO COLD?
WHY YOU GOT TO GO
♪ AND CUT ME LIKE A KNIFE
AND PUT OUR LOVE ON ICE?
♪ OH GIRL YOU KNOW
YOU LEFT THIS HOLE
♪ RIGHT HERE
IN THE MIDDLE OF MY SOUL
♪ OH
OH WHY YOU GOT TO BE SO COLD
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO SAY
IF ANYBODY ASKS ME ABOUT YOU?
♪ I GUESS I'LL TELL 'EM
I'M WITHOUT YOU
♪ HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO LIVE
WHEN I BUILT MY LIFE AROUND YOU
♪ TRY TO PUT YOURSELF
IN MY SHOES
♪ OH WHY YOU GOT TO BE SO COLD?
WHY YOU GOT TO GO AND
♪ CUT ME LIKE A KNIFE
AND PUT OUR LOVE ON ICE?
♪ OH GIRL YOU KNOW
YOU LEFT THIS HOLE
♪ RIGHT HERE
IN THE MIDDLE OF MY SOUL
♪ OH
OH WHY YOU GOT TO BE SO COLD
♪ I CAN ONLY FEEL MY LOVE
HANGIN' ON
♪ I DON'T FEEL
LIKE IT'S OVER
♪ I'M STILL ON FIRE
WHY YOU GOT TO BE SO?
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ OH WHY YOU GOT TO BE SO COLD?
WHY YOU GOT TO GO
♪ AND CUT ME LIKE A KNIFE
AND PUT OUR LOVE ON ICE?
♪ OH GIRL YOU KNOW
YOU LEFT THIS HOLE
♪ RIGHT HERE
IN THE MIDDLE OF MY
♪ SOUL
OH
♪ OH WHY YOU GOT TO BE SO COLD
♪ ♪ ♪
GOT TO BE SO COLD
♪ GOT TO BE SO
COLD
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ GOT TO BE SO
COLD
♪ ♪ ♪
♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Trevor: CHRIS STAPLETON.
EVERYONE.
THAT WAS AMAZING.
NOW. IT'S TIME TO TAKE A BREAK.
AND TO PLAY US OUT IS AN
UPLIFTING GROUP WITH FOUR
NOMINATIONS THIS YEAR INCLUDING
BEST CONTEMPORARY CHRISTIAN
MUSIC ALBUM AND BEST GOSPEL
ALBUM.
HERE TO DO THEIR THING AND
PERHAPS SAVE A FEW SOULS:
MAVERICK CITY MUSIC!
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ I'LL EVER BE MORE LOVED THAN I
AM RIGHT NOW.
♪ THERE'S NOTHING I CAN DO TO
LET YOU DOWN.
♪ DOESN'T TAKE A-- .
♪ TO MAKE YOU CRY.
♪ I'LL EVER BE MORE LOVED THAN I
AM RIGHT NOW.
♪ HEY.
♪
♪ GUIDE US.
♪ YOU ARE ENOUGH.
♪ IN EVERY CIRCUMSTANCES.
♪ GUIDE US.
♪ YOU ARE ENOUGH.
♪ MORE THAN ENOUGH.
♪ NEVER MET A PROBLEM GOD CAN'T
SOLVE.
♪ DON'T YOU WORRY.
♪ NEVER MET A PERSON GOD CAN'T
LOVE.
♪ DON'T WORRY WORRY.
♪ NEVER MET A PROBLEM THAT GOD
CAN'T SOLVE.
♪ DON'T WORRY.
♪ NEVER MET A PERSON THAT GOD
CAN'T LOVE.
♪
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE).
>> Trevor: THAT'S RIGHT. KEEP
IT GOING F
>> Trevor: WHEW. MAVERICK CITY
TOOK US TO CHURCH!
WHERE'S THE COLLECTION PLATE?
PASS IT AROUND.
CONGRATULATIONS TO MAVERICK
CITY. BY THE WAY. AS THEY HAVE
WON THEIR FIRST EVER GRAMMY
AWARD JUST TODAY.
REALLY EXCITING.
(APPLAUSE)
YOU KNOW. ONE THING THAT HAS
ALWAYS MADE MUSIC SO POWERFUL IS
THE WAY IT RESPONDS TO THE
TIMES. EVEN IN THE DARKEST TIMES
MUSIC HAS THE POWER TO LIFT
SPIRITS AND GIVE YOU HOPE FOR A
BRIGHTER TOMORROW.
AND THERE IS NOBODY WHO COULD
USE A LITTLE HOPE RIGHT NOW MORE
THAN THE PEOPLE OF UKRAINE.
HERE TO INTRODUCE A VERY SPECIAL
PERFORMANCE LEAD BY JOHN LEGEND
IS THE PRESIDENT OF UKRAINE
VOLODYMYR ZELENSKYY.
>>
♪ ♪ ♪
>> ♪ GO DOWN MOSES
WAY DOWN MOSES
♪ GO DOWN TO EGYPT LAND
LAY DOWN SOLDIERS
♪ LAY DOWN THOSE WEAPONS
LET PEACE RUSH IN
♪ LET IT WASH THROUGH THE VALLEY
SOAR TO THE MOUNTAINS
♪ FALL IN THE DEEPEST BLUE SEA
LET IT FLY 'CROSS THE SKY
♪ A BANNER SO HIGH
THAT EVEN THE ROCKETS
♪ WILL SEE THAT THERE IS A GOD
AND I'M JUST SAYIN' LAWD
♪ RAIN DOWN FREEDOM
RAIN DOWN 'TIL WE'RE ALL FREE
♪ FREE
FREE
♪ LOW DOWN. BROKEN
HOMELESS. FLOATIN'
♪ LOST AND THROWN TO CHANCE
YEAH
♪ CAGED BIRDS SINGING
BREAK CHAINS
♪ SO WE CAN DO OUR HOLY DANCE
LET 'EM SING
♪ CROSS THE SKY
A CHORUS SO HIGH
♪ THAT EVERYONE
WILL KNOW THEIR WORTH
♪ RAIN DOWN FREEDOM
RAIN DOWN 'TIL WE'RE ALL
♪ FREE
FREE
OUR FATHER WHO ART IN HEAVEN. OF
THE FULL MOON AND HOLLOW SON.
IT IS A LINE OF FIRE. AND WHO
WON'T ABANDON ME LIKE A TOMB.
OUR DAILY BREAD. GIVE TO THE
HUNGRY AND LET THEM DO FOR ONE
ANOTHER AND FORGIVE US OUR
DESTROYED CITY. EVEN THOUGH WE
DO NOT FORGIVE FOR THEM OUR
ENEMY. SHOOT AND PROTECT MY
HUSBAND. MY FRIENDS MY CHILD AND
MY MOTHER LAND.
>> ♪ GO DOWN MOSES
WAY DOWN MOSES
♪ TELL THEM THERE IS I GOD.
♪ AND WE JUST PLAYING LA-WD.
RAIN DOWN FREEDOM RAIN DOWN.
♪ TILL
♪ RAIN DOWN FREEDOM
RAIN DOWN 'TIL WE'RE ALL FREE
♪ FREE
FREE
WE'RE ALL FREE
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Announcer: HERE ARE THREE
MEMBERS OF THE NEW GRAMMY-
PRODUCING TEAM.
THIS IS CBS.
♪ ♪ ♪
>> Trevor: WE'RE BACK AT THE
GRAMMYS. YOU KNEE MOST HOSTS GET
PAID TO DO THIS GIG.
I DECIDED TO TAKE MY
REMUNERATION IN MOMENTS WITH
BTS.
AND THAT IS WHAT I AM DOING
RIGHT NOW.
THE BIGGEST BAND IN THE WORLD.
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN. GIVE IT UP
FOR THEM. THIS IS BTS RIGHT NOW.
ARE YOU KIDDING.
FIRST OF ALL GUYS. GOOD TO YOU
HAVE HERE. LIKE WE DID THE
PREVIOUS GRAMMYS. YOU PERFORMED
IT ALL THE WAY FROM KOREA. BUT
NOW ARE YOU HERE. EVERYONE IS
HEALSE HEALTHY. HOW ARE YOU
FEELING?
>> HOW YOU FEEL. WE FEEL CRAZY.
>> Trevor: IS GREAT TO HAVE
YOU HERE.
THERE ARE SO MANY RUMORS I HEAR
BUT. I DON'T KNOW WHAT IS TRUE.
DO YOU REALLY LEARN HOW TO SPEAK
ENGLISH FROM WATCHING FRIENDS.
>> YES. FRIENDS IS MY ENGLISH
PARENT.
>> Trevor: SO ARE YOU MORE OF
A JOEY. WHO DO YOU THINK YOU
ARE.
>> I'M LIKE A CHANDLER.
>> Trevor: OKAY.
>> HE'S-- WHEN I SEE HIM I FEEL
SO SAD AND YOU KNOW.
>> Trevor: OH. WOW.
>> I LOVE HIM.
>> Trevor: I LIKE THAT.
I HEARD THAT AND I NEED TO LEARN
KOREAN WATCHING KOREAN TV SHOWS
T IS ALOT HARDER. I LEARNED A
LITTLE BIT.
I WILL PRACTICE A LITTLE THING I
LEARNED WHICH WAS-- (SINGING
KOREAN BLAK.
>> WILL THAT HELP ME IN AN
AIRPORT. WILL THAT HELP ME GET
AROUND.
>> WHAT ARE WE GOING TO DO.
>> WE'LL FIGURE IT OUT.
>> ONE OF
ONE OF THE ACCLAIMED ALBUMS OF
THE YEAR IS TONY BENNETT AND
LADY GAGA'S DUET ALBUM. "LOVE
FOR SALE."
YOU KNOW I'VE SEEN LOVE FOR SALE
ALL OVER LAS VEGAS.
BUT I'M NOT SURE THAT WAS ABOUT
THE ALBUM.
TONY BENNETT RETIRED FROM
PERFORMING LAST YEAR. HE IS A
LEGEND AND WHAT HE WANTED TO DO
WAS INTRODUCE HIS VERY DEER
FRIEND.
HI EVERYONE. PLEASE WELCOME LADY
GATIONA.-- GAGA.
>> WHAT'S
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> C'MON DANIEL FOOSE!
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ LOVE FOR SALE
APPETIZING YOUNG LOVE
♪ FOR SALE
LOVE THAT'S FRESH
♪ AND STILL UNSPOILED
LOVE THAT'S ONLY
♪ SLIGHTLY SOILED
LOVE FOR SALE
♪ WHO WILL BUY?
WHO'S PREPARED
♪ TO SAMPLE MY SUPPLY?
♪ TO PAY THE PRICE
FOR A TRIP TO PARADISE?
♪ LOVE FOR SALE
LET THE POETS
♪ PIPE OF LOVE
IN THEIR CHILDISH WAY
♪ I KNOW EVERY TYPE OF LOVE
BETTER FAR THAN THEY
♪ IF YOU WANT THE THRILL
♪ I'VE BEEN THROUGH THE MILL
OF LOVE
♪ OLD LOVE. NEW LOVE
EVERY LOVE.
♪ BUT TRUE LOVE FOR SALE
APPETIZING YOUNG LOVE
♪ FOR SALE IF YOU WANT TO BUY
MY WARES
♪ FOLLOW ME
AND CLIMB THE STAIRS
♪ LOVE FOR SALE
♪ ♪ ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
COME ON. LET'S SWING IT. HELLO.
EVERYBODY. YOU KNOW WHAT. I FEEL
SO BLESSED TO BE A PART OF THIS
WONDERFUL COMMUNITY OF
MUSICIANS. TRULY.
AND I WANT THE WHOLE WORLD TO
KNOW THAT WE LOVEMAKING YOU
SMILE.
SO IF YOU ARE WONDERING. HOW WE
FEEL. DO I LOVE YOU?
OH BOY. DO I.
AFTER THAT SWEET SUMMER
AFTERNOON.
♪ WHEN I SAW YOU.
♪ DREAMING OF TONY.
♪ I COMPOSED A TUNE.
♪ OH WILL YOU LISTEN TO ME.
♪
♪ DO I LOVE YOU
DO I?
♪ DOESN'T ONE AND ONE
MAKE TWO?
♪ DO I LOVE YOU?
MM. DO I?
♪ DOES JULY NEED
A SKY OF BLUE?
♪ WOULD I MISS YOU
WOULD I?
♪ IF YOU EVER
SHOULD GO AWAY?
♪ IF THE SUN
SHOULD DESERT THE DAY
♪ WHAT WOULD LIFE BE?
WHAT WOULD LIFE BE?
♪ WILL I LEAVE YOU. NEVER
WOULD THE OCEAN LEAVE
♪ THE SHORE?
WILL I WORSHIP YOU
♪ FOREVER?
ISN'T HEAVEN FOREVER MORE?
♪ DO I LOVE YOU?
DO I?
♪ OH. MY DEAR.
IT'S SO EASY
TO SEE
♪ DON'T YOU KNOW I DO?
DON'T I SHOW YOU I DO
♪ JUST AS YOU
LOVE
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ ME ♪
>> TONY. WE MISS YOU
( APPLAUSE )
♪ ♪ ♪
>> Announcer: PLEASE WELCOME
GRAMMY. EMMY AND TONY WINNER
BILLY PORTER; AND THE GOLDEN
>> YOU CAN'T HAVE RHYTHM WITHOUT
THE BLUES!
AND I'M SO EXCITED AND I JUST
CAN'T HIDE IT.
♪ LIKE THE POINTER SISTERS. TO
PRESENT A GRAMMY THAT HAS SO
MANY OR THEISTS THAT I LOVE.
WHOEVER WIN THIS GRAMMY TONIGHT
WILL BE SHARING AN HONOR WITH
THE LIKES OF LEGENDS LIKE SHAKA
CHAN. LUTHER VANDROSE. YES. AND
JOHN LEGEND.
AND HE IS AN EGOT.
SO THESE ARE THE NOMINATIONS FOR
BEST R&B ALBUM.
>> Announcer: BEST R&B ALBUM.
"TEMPORARY HIGHS IN THE VIOLET
SKIES." SNOH AALEGRA.
"WE ARE." JON BATISTE.
"GOLD-DIGGERS SOUND." LEON
BRIDGES.
"BACK OF MY MIND." H.E.R.
"HEAUX TALES." JAZMINE SULLIVAN.
>> AND THE GRAMMY GOES TO:
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
WHERE YOU AT. GIRL!
PICK UP YOUR COME ON. GIRL.
YES!
COME ON.
GET YOUR AWARD.
GET YOUR AWARD. GIRL. NO. YOU
HAVE TO HOLD THIS. YOU HAVE TO
HOLD IT WHILE YOU TALKING.
>> I DON'T KNOW WHAT I HEARD. I
ALMOST DIDN'T BELIEVE IT.
BUT I'M SO GRATEFUL TO BE UP
HERE.
SHOUT OUT TO H.E.R. FOR WEARING
THESE GLASSES. YOU ARE THE GOAT
FOR THAT.
I THINK THAT I WROTE THIS
PROJECT TO DEAL WITH MY OWN
THING AND FORGIVENESS FROM THE
DECISIONS THAT I MADE IN MY 20S
THAT WEREN'T FAVORABLE.
THANK YOU.
AND BUT WHAT IT END UP BEING WAS
A SAFE SPACE FOR BLACK WOMEN TO
TELL THEIR STORIES.
FOR US TO LEARN FROM EACH OTHER.
LAUGH WITH EACH OTHER. AND NOT
BE EXPLOITEDDED AT THE SAME
TIME.
AND THAT'S WHAT I'M MOST
GRATEFUL FOR. SO SHOUT OUT TO
ALL BLACK WOMEN WHO ARE JUST
LIVING THEIR LIVES AND BEING
BEAUTIFUL.
I LOVE YOU ALL.
THANK YOU TO EVERYBODY WHO
HELPED ME CREATE. TO THE
PRODUCERS. THE ADDITIONAL
WRITERS. RCA. SONY MUSIC. TO MY
MANAGEMENT. MY MOTHER AND FATHER
WHO I LOVE DEARLY.
I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE.
MY FRIENDS AND FAMILY. EVERYBODY
BACK IN PHILLIE. MY FANS. MY
MAN. EVERYBODY.
THANK YOU SO MUCH. I APPRECIATE
THIS SO MUCH.
(APPLAUSE)
TRZ WHAT A BEAUTIFUL MOMENT.
ALL RIGHT. IT IS TIME FOR US TO
TAKE A QUICK BREAK.
NOMINATED FOR BEST BLUEGRASS
ALBUM AND BEST AMERICAN ROOTS
PERFORMANCE: BILLY STRINGS!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ SNOALT NOTHING TO ACHIEVE.
♪ NOTHING HIDDEN UP MY SLEEVE.
♪ I REMEMBER.
♪ IT'S A DARK TIME.
♪ I DO BELIEVE.
♪ A COLD WIND IS BLOWING AT MY
DOOR.
♪ INCREDIBLE.
♪ I DON'T HAVE TO WORRY ANY
MORE.
♪ IT'S A DARK TIME.
♪ I DO BELIEVE.
♪ A COLD WIND BLOWING AT MY
DOOR.
♪ INCREDIBLE TIME.
♪ I'M GOING TO FIND.
♪ I DON'T HAVE TO WORRY ANY
MORE.
♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Trevor: ALL RIGHT. WE'RE
BACK HERE AT THE M.G.M. GRAND
GARDEN ARENA.
I JUST WANTED TO WELCOME THIS
NEXT FORM
THE FRONTMAN OF THIRTY SECONDS
TO MARS AND THE STAR OF
"MORBIUS."
DON'T KNOW IF YOU HAVE SEEN HIM
DO IT BUT HE HAS TRANSFORMED FOR
ALL OF HIS ROLES. YOU DON'T EVEN
KNOW WHAT HE LOOKS LIKE ANY
MORE.
HE COULD BE AN ITALIAN FASHION
DESIGNER.
YOU KNOW. HE COULD BE LIKE A
MEGA VILAN. HE COULD BE ME RIGHT
NOW.
THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN CRAZY.
GIVE IT UP FOR JARED LETO.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> JUSTIN BEIBER.
DOJA CAT.
BILLIE EILISH.
ARIANA GRANDE.
AND OLIVIA RODRIGO.
YOU HAVE ALL CREATED SOMETHING
THAT HAS AFFECTED PEOPLE DEEPLY.
IMPACTING CULTURE GREATLY AND
ULTIMATELY MADE THE WORLD A
RICHER PLACE.
ESPECIALLY FOR YOUR AGENTS.
A LIKE THE LATE GREAT DAVID
BOWIE SAID. I DON'T KNOW WHERE I
AM GOING FROM HERE BUT I PROMISE
YOU ONE THING. IT WON'T BE
BORING.
ONE THING IS FOR CERTAIN. YOU
HAVE ALL MADE THE WORLD SO MUCH
MORE FASCINATING.
HERE ARE THE NOMINATIONS FOR
BEST POP VOCAL
THE NOMINATIONS FOR BEST POP
VOCAL ALBUM.
>> Announcer: "JUSTICE (TRIPLE
CHUCKS DELUXE)." JUSTIN BIEBER.
"PLANET HER (DELUXE)." DOJA CAT.
"HAPPIER THAN EVER." BILLIE
EILISH.
"POSITIONS." ARIANA GRANDE.
"SOUR." OLIVIA RODRIGO.
>> AND THE GRAMMY GOES TO:
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪.
>> OH WOW.
OH MY GOSH.
THANK YOU AGAIN TO THE RECORDING
ACADEMY.
THANK YOU TO ALL THE FANS WHO
HAVE LISTENED TO MY MUSIC AND
COMPLETELY CHANGED MY LIFE OVER
THE PAST TWO YEARS.
I REALLY WANT TO DEDICATE THIS
AWARD TO MY PARENTS.
WHEN I WAS NINE YEARS OLD I TOLD
MY MOM I WAS GOING TO BE AN
OLYMPIC SWIMMER AND EVEN THEY I
COULD DO A CARTWHEEL. THE
NEGOTIATION WEEK WHEN I TOLD HER
I WAS GOING TO WIN A GRAMMY SHE
WAS VERY SUPPORTIVE EVEN THOUGH
SHE THOUGHT THIS WOULD BE A
LITTLE KID'S PIPEDREAM.
I WANT TO THANK MY MOM FOR BEING
SUPPORTIVE OF ALL OF MY DREAMS
NO MATTER HOW CRAZY AND MY MOM
AND DAD FOR BEING SO PROUD OF ME
FOR WINNING A GRAMMY AS THEY
WERE WHEN I LEARNED HOW TO DO A
BACK WALKOVER.
THIS IS FOR YOU GUYS AND BECAUSE
OF YOU GUYS.
THANK YOU.
(APPLAUSE)
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Trevor: SO THIS WAS THE
MOMENT OF THE SHOW WHEN I WAS
SUPPOSED TO BE INTRODUCING THE
FOO FIGHTERS.
WE WOULD HAVE BEEN CELEBRATING
WITH THEM AS THEY WON THREE
GRAMMYS A ARD-- GRAMMY AWARDS
EARLIER TODAY.
BUT THEY OF ARE COURSE NOT HERE
DUE TO THE TRAGIC PASSING OF
THAT I LEGENDARY DRUMMER TAYE
LORE HAWKINS.
OUR THOUGHTS GO OUT TO TAY
OUR THOUGHTS GO OUT TO TAYLOR'S
FAMILY. HIS FRIENDS. AND THE FOO
FIGHTER'S FAMILY AND ALL THE
FANS AROUND THE GLOBE.
WE WOULD LIKE TO TAKE A MOMENT
NOW TO REMEMBER TAYLOR AND THOSE
IN THE MUSIC COMMUNITY WE LOST
THIS PAST YEAR.
♪ ♪ ♪
>> HE'S THE BEST DRUMMER IN THE
WORLD. WE LOVE HIM SO MUCH.
>> I REALIZE THAT TO BE A GOOD
DRUMMER YOU HAVE TO BE AN ACTOR.
THERE GOES MY HERO.
♪ WATCH HIM AS HE GOES.
♪
♪ THERE GOES MY HERO.
♪ ♪ ♪
TAYLOR HAWKINS ON THE DRUMS
RIGHT NOW.
♪ THERE GOES MY HERO.
♪ ♪ ♪
( APPLAUSE )
>> ♪ NOT A DAY
GOES BY
♪ NOT A SINGLE DAY
BUT YOU'RE SOMEWHERE A
♪ PART OF MY LIFE
AND IT LOOKS LIKE YOU'LL STAY
♪ AS THE DAYS GO BY
I KEEP THINKING.
♪ WHEN DOES IT END
WHERE'S THE DAY I'LL
♪ HAVE STARTED
FORGETTING?
♪ BUT I JUST GO ON THINKING
AND SWEATING
♪ AND CURSING AND CRYING
AND TURNING
♪ AND REACHING
AND WAKING
♪ AND DYING
AND. NO
♪ NOT A DAY GOES BY
NOT A BLESSED DAY
♪ BUT YOU'RE STILL SOMEHOW
PART OF MY LIFE
AND YOU WON'T GO AWAY ♪
♪ ISN'T IT RICH?
ARE WE A PAIR?
♪ ME HERE AT LAST ON THE GROUND
YOU IN MID-AIR
♪ SEND IN THE CLOWNS
ISN'T IT BLISS?
♪ NOT A DAY GOES BY
DON'T YOU APPROVE?
♪ NOT A SINGLE DAY
ONE WHO KEEPS TEARING AROUND
♪ ONE WHO CAN'T MOVE
BUT YOU'RE SOMEWHERE A
♪ PART OF MY LIFE
WHERE ARE THE CLOWNS?
♪ AND IT LOOKS LIKE YOU'LL STAY
SEND IN THE CLOWNS
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ BUT I JUST GO ON
JUST WHEN I'D STOPPED
♪ OPENING DOORS
THINKING AND SWEATING AND
CURSING AND CRYING
♪ THINKING AND REACHING AND
WAKING AND DYING
♪ FINALLY KNOWING THE ONE THAT I
WANTED WAS YOURS
I'LL DIE
♪ MAKING MY ENTRANCE AGAIN
WITH MY USUAL FLAIR
♪ DAY AFTER DAY AFTER DAY
AFTER DAY
♪ SURE OF MY LINES
TILL THE DAYS GO BY
♪ NO ONE IS THERE
TILL THE DAYS GO BY ♪
♪ THERE'S A
PLACE FOR US
♪ DON'T YOU LOVE FARCE
SOMEWHERE
♪ MY FAULT. I FEAR
A PLACE FOR US
♪ I THOUGHT THAT YOU'D WANT
PEACE AND QUIET
♪ WHAT I WANT
AND OPEN AIR
♪ SORRY. MY DEAR
WAITS FOR US
♪ BUT WHERE ARE THE CLOWNS?
SOMEWHERE
♪ QUICK. SEND IN THE CLOWNS
DON'T BOTHER
♪ THERE'S A
THERE'S A
THEY'RE HERE
♪ TIME FOR US
TIME FOR US
♪ SOMEDAY. A
♪ TIME FOR US
♪ TIME TOGETHER
WITH TIME TO SPARE
♪ TIME TO LEARN
TIME TO CARE
♪ SOMEDAY
SOMEWHERE
♪ WE'LL FIND A NEW
WAY OF LIVING
♪ WE'LL FIND A WAY
OF FORGIVING
♪ SOMEWHERE
THERE'S A
♪ PLACE FOR US
A TIME AND PLACE FOR US
♪ HOLD MY HAND AND
WE'RE HALFWAY THERE
I'LL TAKE YOU THERE
♪ SOMEHOW
SOMEDAY
♪ SOMEWHERE
SOMEWHERE ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
SW SPECIAL THANKS TO BEN PLATT.
CYNTHIA ENRIVO. RACHEL ZEGLER.
LESLEY
>> Announcer: THIS YEAR'S
LEADING NOMINEE. JON BATISTE.
PERFORMS NEXT.
THIS IS CBS.
( APPLAUSE )
>> Trevor: OUR NEXT PERFORMER IS
UP FOR MORE GRAMMYS THAN ANY
OTHER ARTIST THIS YEAR.
. HE'S ALREADY WON FOUR
AWARDS JUST TODAY.
AND HE'S STILL UP FOR RECORD AND
HERE TO SHOW US ALL WHY: JON
ALBUM OF THE YEAR.
HERE TO SHOW US WHY IS THE ONE
AND
HERE TO SHOW US ALL WHY: JON
BATISTE!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ WHEN I MOVE MY BODY
JUST LIKE THIS
♪ I DON'T KNOW WHY
BUT I FEEL LIKE
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ FREEDOM
I HEAR A SONG
♪ THAT TAKES ME BACK
AND I LET GO
♪ WITH SO MUCH
FREEDOM
♪ FREE TO LIVE
HOW I WANNA LIVE
♪ I'M GON GET
WHAT I'M GONNA GET
♪ 'CAUSE IT'S MY
FREEDOM
♪ I LOVE HOW YOU
SPEAKING MY LANGUAGE
♪ THE WAY THAT YOU WALK
YOU CAN'T CONTAIN IT
♪ IS IT THE SHOES
JUMPED UP KANGAROO
♪ WE'RE OVER DUE
FOR A LITTLE MORE
♪ PRANCING
NOW IT'S YOUR TIME
♪ IT'S YOUR RIGHT
YOU CAN SHINE
♪ IT'S ALRIGHT
IF YOU DO
♪ I'MA DO TOO
WHEN I MOVE MY BODY
♪ JUST LIKE THIS
I DON'T KNOW WHY
♪ BUT I FEEL LIKE
FREEDOM
♪ I HEAR A SONG
THAT TAKES ME BACK
♪ AND I LET GO
WITH SO MUCH
♪ FREEDOM
FREE TO LIVE
♪ HOW I WANNA LIVE
I'M GON GET
♪ WHAT I'M GONNA GET
'CAUSE IT'S MY
♪ FREEDOM
THE REASON WE GET DOWN
♪ IS TO GET BACK UP
IF SOMEONE'S AROUND
♪ GO ON LET THEM LOOK
YOU CAN'T STAND STILL
♪ THIS AIN'T NO DRILL
MORE THAN CHEAP THRILLS
♪ FEELS LIKE MONEY. MONEY
MONEY. MONEY. MONEY
♪ NOW IT'S YOUR TIME
IT'S YOUR RIGHT
♪ YOU CAN SHINE
IT'S ALRIGHT
♪ IF YOU DO
I'MA DO TOO
♪ 'CAUSE WHEN I LOOK UP TO THE
♪ ♪ ♪
STARS
♪ STARS
I KNOW EXACTLY WHO WE ARE
♪ 'CAUSE THEN
OOH
♪ I SEE YOU SHINE YOU SHININ'
YOU SHININ' OH!
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ EVERYBODY COME 'ROUND
EVERYBODY COME 'ROUND
♪ FREEDOM
♪ COME ON NOW.
♪ LET ME SEE YOU WOBBLE
EVERYTHING GET OFF YOUR SEAT. I
DON'T CARE IF YOU GOT MONEY. I
GOT MONEY TOO.
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ LET ME SEE YOU WOBBLE
♪ LET ME SEE YOU SHAKE
♪ I WANT YOU TO GIVE YOUR
BLESSING RIGHT NOW.
♪
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ LET ME SEE YOU WOBBLE
♪ LET ME SEE YOU SHAKE
♪ IF NOBODYEVER CHANGE. CONVINCE
YOU TO BE WHO ARE YOU.
♪ I'M GIVING IT TO YOU RIGHT
NOW.
BE YOURSELF.
♪
♪ LET ME SEE YOU WOBBLE
WHEN I MOVE MY BODY JUST LIKE
THIS.
♪ I DON'T KNOW WHY BUT I FEEL
LIKE.
♪
FREEDOM ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Announcer: FOLLOW AT THE
THE RECORDINGACADEMY
COMING UP. JUSTIN BIEBER
PERFORMS. AND H.E.R. TAKES THE
STAGE WITH JAM AND LEWIS AND
TRAVIS BARKER.
THE GRAMMY AWARDS FROM THE
M.G.M. GRAND GARDEN ARENA.
THIS IS CBS.
>> Announcer: ABOUT TO TAKE THE
GRAMMY STAGE. JUSTIN
BIEBER.
THIS IS CBS.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ ♪ ♪
>> Trevor: WE'RE BACK. WE'RE
STILL AT THE GRAMMYS HAVING A
GREAT TIME. ARE YOU GUYS HAVING
A GOOD TIME?
YEAH.
I THINK WE'RE ALL HAVING A GREAT
TIME.
I DON'T KNOW IF YOU REMEMBER
THIS BUT BEFORE COVID THERE WAS
BIEBER FEVER. AND I DON'T CARE
WHAT ANYBODY SAYS. MAN. THAT SLY
RUSS WAS A LOT MORE FUN.
NOMINATED FOR AN INCREDIBLE
EIGHT GRAMIES T IS TIME TO
WELCOME-- WELCOME DANIEL CAESAR.
GIVEON AND JUSTIN BIEBER.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ ♪ ♪
>> ♪ I GOT MY PEACHES OUT IN
GEORGIA
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ OH. YEAH
I GET MY WEED FROM CALIFORNIA
♪ I TOOK MY CHICK UP TO THE
NORTH. YEAH. BADASS
♪ I GET MY LIGHT RIGHT FROM THE
SOURCE. YEAH
♪ YEAH. THAT'S IT
AND I SEE
♪ YOU THE WAY I BREATHE YOU IN
IT'S THE TEXTURE OF YOUR
♪ SKIN I WANNA WRAP MY ARMS
AROUND YOU. BABY
♪ NEVER LET YOU GO OH AND I SAY
OH THERE'S NOTHING LIKE YOUR
♪ TOUCH IT'S THE WAY
YOU LIFT ME UP
♪ AND I'LL BE
RIGHT HERE WITH YOU 'TIL THE END
♪ I GET MY PEACHES
OUT IN GEORGIA OH. YEAH.
♪ I GET MY WEED FROM CALIFORNIA
I TOOK MY CHICK UP TO THE NORTH
♪ YEAH. BADASS
I GET MY LIGHT RIGHT FROM THE
♪ SOURCE. YEAH
YEAH. THAT'S IT
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ I GOT MY PEACHES OUT IN
GEORGIA
♪ OH. YEAH.
I GET MY WEED FROM CALIFORNIA
I TOOK MY CHICK UP TO THE
♪ NORTH. YEAH BADASS
I GET MY
♪ LIGHT RIGHT FROM THE
SOURCE. YEAH
♪ YEAH. THAT'S IT
AND I SEE
♪ YOU OH THE WAY
I BREATHE YOU IN
♪ IT'S THE TEXTURE OF YOUR
SKIN I WANNA WRAP MY ARMS
♪ AROUND YOU BABY
NEVER LET YOU GO OH AND I SAY
♪ OH THERE'S NOTHING LIKE YOUR
TOUCH IT'S THE WAY YOU
♪ LIFT ME UP
YEAH AND I'LL BE
♪ RIGHT HERE WITH YOU
'TIL THE END
♪ I GOT MY PEACHES
OUT IN GEORGIA
♪ OH. YEAH
I GET MY WEED FROM CALIFORNIA
♪ THAT'S THAT
I TOOK MY CHICK UP TO THE
♪ NORTH. YEAH BADASS
I GET MY LIGHT RIGHT FROM
♪ THE SOURCE. YEAH
YEAH. THAT'S IT
♪ YOU AIN'T SURE YET
BUT I'M FOR YA
♪ ALL I COULD WANT. ALL I CAN
WISH FOR NIGHTS ALONE
♪ THAT WE MISS MORE
AND DAYS WE SAVE AS SOUVENIRS
♪ THERE'S NO TIME
I WANNA MAKE MORE
♪ TIME AND GIVE YOU MY WHOLE
LIFE
♪ I LEFT MY GIRL. I'M IN
MALLORCA
♪ HATE TO LEAVE HER.
CALL IT TORTURE
♪ REMEMBER WHEN I COULDN'T
HOLD HER
♪ LEFT HER BAGGAGE FOR RIMOWA
♪ I GOT MY PEACHES
OUT IN GEORGIA
♪ OH. YEAH
I GET MY WEED FROM CALIFORNIA
♪ THAT'S THAT
I TOOK MY CHICK UP TO THE
♪ NORTH. YEAH
BADASS
♪ I GET MY LIGHT RIGHT FROM
THE SOURCE. YEAH
♪ YEAH. THAT'S IT
I GET THE FEELING. SO I'M
♪ SURE SURE
HAND IN MY HAND BECAUSE I'M
♪ YOURS I CAN'T I CAN'T PRETEND
I CAN'T IGNORE
♪ YOU'RE RIGHT FOR ME DON'T
THINK YOU WANNA
♪ KNOW JUST WHERE I'VE BEEN OH
DONE BEING DISTRACTED
♪ THE ONE I NEED IS RIGHT IN MY
ARMS OH YOUR
♪ KISSES TASTE THE SWEETEST
WITH MINE AND I'LL BE
♪ RIGHT HERE WITH YOU
'TIL END OF TIME
♪ I GOT MY PEACHES
OUT IN GEORGIA
♪ OH. YEAH.
I GET MY WEED FROM CALIFORNIA
I TOOK MY CHICK UP TO THE
♪ NORTH. YEAH BADASS I GET MY
LIGHT RIGHT FROM THE
♪ SOURCE. YEAH
YEAH. THAT'S IT
♪ I GOT MY PEACHES OUT IN
GEORGIA
I GET MY WEED FROM CALIFORNIA
♪ THAT'S THAT
I TOOK MY CHICK UP TO THE
♪ NORTH. YEAH BADASS
I GET MY LIGHT RIGHT FROM THE
♪ SOURCE. YEAH
♪ ♪ ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Trevor: GIVE IT UP.
(APPLAUSE)
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Announcer: STILL TO COME:
H.E.R.; PLUS. THE GRAMMY AWARDS
FOR RECORD AND ALBUM OF THE
YEAR.
BUT UP NEXT. CARRIE UNDERWOOD;
AND LATER. BROTHERS OSBORNE
TAKES US HOME.
THIS IS CBS.
>> Announcer: SHE PERFORMED AT
THE GRAMMYS AND EARNED HER FIRST
NOMINATIONS BEFORE SHE EVEN
TURNED 20: AVRIL LAVIGNE.
>> AND NOW. A GRAMMY AWARD
THAT'S ALL ABOUT WHAT WE CAN DO
WHEN WE PUT OUR VOICES TOGETHER.
THESE ARE THE NOMINEES FOR BEST
POP DUO/GROUP PERFORMANCE.
>> Announcer: BEST POP DUO/GROUP
PERFORMANCE.
♪ ♪ ♪
>> AND THE GRAMMY GOES TO:
"KISS ME MORE." DOJA CAT & SZA.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ ♪ ♪
>> YOU WENT TO THE BATHROOM FOR
FIVE MINUTES. ARE YOU SERIOUS?
COME ON NOW.
I HAVE NEVER TAKEN SUCH A
FAST-- IN MY WHOLE LIFE.
THANK YOU EVERYBODY.
(LAUGHTER)
I REALLY APPRECIATE IT.
THANK YOU TO EVERYBODY. MY
FAMILY. MY TEAM. I WOULDN'T BE
HERE WITHOUT YOU AND I WOULDN'T
BE HERE WITHOUT MY FANS.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT. SZA. YOU ARE
EVERYTHING TO ME.
YOU ARE INCREDIBLE.
YOU ARE THE EPITOME OF TALENT.
YOU'RE A LYRICIST. YOU ARE
EVERYTHING.
>> THANK YOU.
>> AND I NEED YOU. I NEED YOU TO
SAY SOMETHING. SOMETHING. PLEASE
GIVE THEM SOMETHING.
>> THANK YOU. DOJA. THANK YOU TO
MY MAMA. THANK YOU TO GOD AND
JUST THANK ALL OF Y'ALL.
I'M GLAD YOU MADE IT BACK IN
TIME.
(APPLAUSE)
>> DAMN..
>> I LIKE TO-- THIS IS A BIG
DEAL.
(APPLAUSE)
THANK YOU EVERYBODY.
BE SAFE.
TAKE CARE.
(APPLAUSE).
>> Trevor: OH MAN. THAT WAS SO
TENSE.
I THOUGHT DOJA GOING TO AT
BATHROOM. ISN'T IT YOUR AWARD.
IT'S FINE WHAT?
S THAT WEIGH CRAZY.
ALL RIGHT TO INTRODUCE OUR NEXT
ARTIST IS HER ROAD TO A
>> Trevor: TO INTRODUCE OUR NEXT
ARTIST IS HER ROAD MANAGER.
TO ME. ROAD MANAGERS HAVE THE
HARDEST JOB IN THE BUSINESS.
THEY'RE THE ONE WHO HAVE TO GO
DOWN THE FRONT DESK AND PRETEND
THEIR BAND DIDN'T TRASH THEIR
HOTEL ROOMS.
IT'S NOW MY PLEASURE TO
INTRODUCE H.E.R.'S TOUR MANAGER.
MISHA HEDMAN MAYES.
>> BACK IN 2008. I MET THIS NEXT
EXTRAORDINARY ARTIST.
AT THE TIME. SHE WAS ONLY 11
YEARS OLD.
BACK THEN. SHE DIDN'T HAVE FIVE
BACK THEN. SHE DIDN'T HAVE SIX
GRAMMYS. AND NOT EVEN ONE OSCAR.
BUT IT WAS CLEAR TO ME SHE HAD
SOMETHING JUST AS PRECIOUS: THE
GIFTS. THE TALENT. AND THE DRIVE
TO PERHAPS BECOME ONE OF ALL-
TIME GREATS. WHICH IS WHO SHE IS
TODAY.
OVER THE YEARS. SHE'S BECOME
AND AS HER TOUR MANAGER. MY GOAL
AND MY DAY-TO-DAY JOB IS TO
ENSURE HER PERFORMANCES AND
TOURS GO SMOOTHLY AND HANDLE ANY
OBSTACLES IN HER WAY.
AND ON THE ROAD. THERE ARE
ALWAYS OBSTACLES.
SHE IS HERE TO TAKE US ON A
MUSICAL JOURNEY REFLECTING SOME
AS WITH THE HELP OF JIMMY JAM.
CARRIE LEWIS. TRAVIS BARKER AND
LENNY KRAVITZ.
LET'S HEAR IT FOR MY BEAUTIFUL
BOSS AND FRIEND WHO JUST WON A
NEW GRAMMY TONIGHT. H.E.R.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ ♪ ♪
IF YOU GOT IT.
♪ IT AIN'T A QUESTION
OOH. IT AIN'T NO ROOM
♪ FOR GUESSING
NO MORE THAN
♪ EMOTIONALLY INVESTED
SHOWING YOU
♪ ALL MY IMPERFECTIONS
OH. IF I LET YOU
♪ YOU'LL TAKE ME FOR GRANTED
YEAH IF I'M WORTH MORE
♪ THAN YOU COULD MANAGE
MANAGE YEAH
♪ OPEN WITH ME.
OH WE COULD BE HONEST
♪ CLOSER TO ME.
OH GIVING ME SOLACE
♪ PROMISE
THAT YOU WON'T LET ME FALL--
♪ HOLDING ME TIGHT
LOVING ME RIGHT
♪ GIVING ME LIFE
ALL NIGHT
♪ YOU COULD BE
YOU COULD BE
♪ TELLING ME LIES
MAKING ME CRY
♪ WASTING MY TIME
THE WHOLE TIME
♪ SO JUST BE CAREFUL
WHAT YOU TAKE FOR GRANTED
♪ YEAH.
'CAUSE WITH ME
♪ KNOW YOU COULD DO DAMAGE
YOU COULD DO DAMAGE
♪ ♪ ♪
( MUSIC BUILDS )
HOPIN' THAT WE'D FIND IT
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ LOOKIN'
AT THE SKY LIKE THANK GOD
♪ THAT YOU'RE WITH ME
YOU'RE WITH ME
♪ RUN RED LIGHTS
AND FOLLOWING
♪ THE SIGNS
IT'S BEEN A LONG RIDE
♪ AND I JUST CAN'T BELIEVE
CAN'T BELIEVE
♪ WE MADE IT ♪
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ I WAS BORN
LONG AGO
♪ I AM THE CHOSEN
I'M THE ONE
♪ I HAVE COME
TO SAVE THE DAY
♪ AND I WON'T LEAVE
UNTIL I'M DONE
♪ SO THAT'S WHY
YOU'VE GOT TO TRY
♪ YOU GOT TO BREATHE
AND HAVE SOME FUN
♪ THOUGH I'M NOT PAID
I PLAY THIS GAME
♪ AND I WON'T LEAVE
UNTIL I'M DONE
♪ BUT WHAT I
REALLY
♪ WANT TO KNOW IS
ARE YOU GONNA GO MY WAY?
♪ SAID I GOT TO
GOT TO KNOW
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ ARE YOU GONNA GO MY WAY?
SAID I GOT TO
♪ GOT TO KNOW ♪
♪ ♪ ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Announcer: TO PRESENT THE
GRAMMY FOR RECORD OF THE YEAR.
PLEASE WELCOME FOUR-TIME GRAMMY
WINNER. ARTIST. PRODUCER: KEITH
URBAN.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH.
I'M SUPPOSED TO READ THIS BUT
HOW INSANE WAS THAT?
THAT WAS CRAZY.
GOD.
ALL
>> I HAVE THE HONOR OF SAYING
THAT EARLIER TODAY. THE GRAMMY
FOR BEST PRODUCER NON-CLASSICAL
WENT TO JACK ANTONOFF.
AND SPEAKING OF BIG HONORS. I'M
THRILLED TO NOW PRESENT THE
GRAMMY AWARD FOR RECORD OF THE
YEAR.
THIS YEAR'S NOMINEES SPAN
MULTIPLE GENRES AND MANY
GENERATIONS. FROM TONY BENNETT--
WHO WON THIS AWARD 59 YEARS AGO
IN 1963-- TO BILLIE EILISH. WHO
WASN'T EVEN BORN UNTIL 2001.
THESE ARE THE NOMINATIONS FOR
RECORD OF THE YEAR.
♪ ♪ ♪
>> AND THE GRAMMY GOES TO:
"LEAVE THE DOOR OPEN." SILK
SONIC.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ ♪ ♪
>> .
>> COME ON. LISTEN. LISTEN.
LISTEN.
WE ARE REALLY TRYING OUR HARDEST
TO REMAIN HUMBLE AT THIS POINT.
OKAY.
BUT IN THE INDUSTRY WE CALL THAT
A CLEAN SWEEP.
(APPLAUSE)
>> ALL RIGHT?
FOR ALL THE OTHER NOMINEES. WE
ALL KNOW WE LOVE Y'ALL. WE LOVE
Y'ALL. ALL RIGHT.
DRINKS IS ON SILK SONIC TONIGHT.
WE GETTING DRUNK.
I KNOW A LOT OF Y'ALL FANS MIGHT
BE UPSET. WE ARE GOING TO GET
OUT OF HERE BEFORE THE INTERNET
GETS TO TALKING. BRUNO.
>> GOD BLESS YOU ALL. GOOD
NIGHT.
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)
>> OH MAN. HOW COULD YOU NOT
LOVE THESE GUYS.
CONGRATULATIONS. AGAIN.
YOU KNOW.
>> Trevor: ALMOST EVERY ARTIST
NOMINATED TONIGHT HAS ONE THING
IN COMMON: A MUSIC TEACHER WHO
CHANGED THEIR LIFE.
I'LL NEVER FORGET MY FOURTH
GRADE MUSIC TEACHER. MISS
REILLY. WHO ONCE TOLD ME.
"HEY. TREV. YOU KNOW TALKING CAN
ALSO BE A CAREER."
SO. IT'S MY HONOR RIGHT NOW TO
PUT THE BIG GRAMMY SPOTLIGHT ON
THE WINNER OF THE MUSIC EDUCATOR
OF THE YEAR AWARD. STEPHEN COX.
STEPHEN IS THE DIRECTOR OF BANDS
AT EASTLAND HIGH SCHOOL IN
TEXAS.
STEPHEN. CONGRATULATIONS.
I'D ALSO LIKE TO RECOGNIZE THIS
YEAR'S GRAMMY SALUTE TO INDUSTRY
ICONS AWARD HONOREE ROB
STRINGER. THE SONY MUSIC GROUP
CHAIRMAN.
CONGRATULATIONS. ROB.
NOW. IT'S MY PLEASURE TO
INTRODUCE THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER OF THE RECORDING
ACADEMY.
HE DOES IT ALL. FROM SHAPING THE
CULTURE OF THE MUSIC INDUSTRY.
TO HELPING ME DECIDE WHAT TO
WEAR TONIGHT.
AND HE WAS RIGHT-- A THONG IS
UNCOMFORTABLE IN A SUIT.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M OWNING IT.
PLEASE WELCOME HARVEY MASON.
JR.!
>> WHY ARE WE HERE?
>> AND THE GRAMMY GOES TO.
>> I DON'T WANT TO CRY.
>> WHY DO WE DO THIS?
WHY ALL THE TROPHIES. THE RED
CARPET. THE TUXES AND GOWNS?
WHY THE EXCITEMENT AND EVEN ALL
THE GLITZ AND GLAM?
WHY DO PEOPLE CARE SO MUCH?
IT'S ALL BECAUSE MUSIC MATTERS.
>> I'VE BEEN LIKE PRETEND-
WINNING GRAMMY'S SINCE I WAS A
KID.
>> IT'S BECAUSE MUSIC CHANGES
THE WORLD.
>> IN THIS TIME AND ALL TIMES.
MUSIC SERVES THE HURTING AND THE
HOPEFUL. IT SERVES THE
CHANGEMAKERS. MUSIC SERVES THE
PURSUIT OF JUSTICE AND
RECOGNITION. OF RESPECT AND
HEALING. OF UNITY AND OF LOVE.
WE'RE HERE BECAUSE MUSIC SERVES
THE WORLD AND AT THE NEW
RECORDING ACADEMY. WE SERVE
MUSIC!
>> TONIGHT WE'VE NOT ONLY SEEN
GREAT ARTISTS. BUT ALSO SOME OF
THE PEOPLE BEHIND THOSE ARTISTS.
MEMBERS OF THEIR MUSIC FAMILY.
OF OUR MUSIC FAMILY.
EVERY YEAR. THE GRAMMY MUSEUM
PROVIDES MUSIC EDUCATION FOR
THOUSANDS OF UNDER-SERVED
STUDENTS.
AFTER BEING A PART OF THE MUSEUM
FOR YEARS. I WAS ABLE TO TAKE
WITH ME THE TOOLS I NEEDED TO
MAKE ME THE ARTIST I AM TODAY.
MY NAME IS GIVEON.
AND I AM THE ACADEMY.
>> THE PANDEMIC WAS HARD ON ALL
OF US.
BUT BECAUSE OF THE ACADEMY'S
ADVOCACY EFFORTS. GIG WORKERS
WERE ADDED TO THE UNEMPLOYMENT
BENEFITS PACKAGE.
THOSE BENEFITS KEPT ME AFLOAT.
>> MY NAME IS ANDREW JOSLYN.
I AM THE ACADEMY.
>> I'VE ALWAYS KNOWN I WANTED TO
BE IN THE MUSIC BUSINESS.
THROUGH MY PARTICIPATION IN
GRAMMY U.. I NOT ONLY LEARNED
HOW TO BETTER NAVIGATE THE
INDUSTRY. BUT ALSO MADE
TREASURED FRIENDSHIPS THAT HAVE
HELPED PROPEL MY CAREER AND
GROWTH AS AN ARTIST.
>> MY NAME IS ALEX RITCHIE.
I AM THE ACADEMY.
>> AS AN INDEPENDENT ARTIST THAT
PROUDLY MAKES AFRO-BEATS MUSIC.
THE PANDEMIC WAS EXTREMELY TOUGH
ON ME. IT WAS TRULY ONE OF THE
LOWEST TIMES OF MY LIFE.
BUT BECAUSE OF MUSICARES. I WAS
ABLE TO CREATE NEW MUSIC.
MY NAME IS MICHAEL O.
I AM THE ACADEMY.
>> I SERVE ON THE RECORDING
ACADEMY'S BLACK MUSIC
COLLECTIVE. AN INITIATIVE THAT
IS LIFTING UP BLACK MUSIC
CREATORS. AND AMPLIFYING THEIR
VOICES. ONE OF THE MANY WAYS WE
ARE CHANGING THE MUSIC COMMUNITY
FOR GOOD.
MY NAME IS H.E.R.
I AM THE ACADEMY.
>> SO. WHY ARE WE HERE?
WE'RE HERE TO SERVE MUSIC. AND
ALL THE PEOPLE WHO MAKE IT
POSSIBLE.
MY NAME IS HARVEY MASON JR.
WE ARE THE ACADEMY.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Trevor: THE ARTIST ABOUT TO
TAKE THE STAGE HAS EIGHT GRAMMY
AWARDS INCLUDING A BRAND NEW ONE
THAT SHE WON TODAY.
TO MAKE THE INTRODUCTION PLEASE
WELCOME HER WARDROBE SUPERVISOR
JOAN LEE.
>> HI. MY NAME IS JOAN LEE.
FOR THE PAST 12 YEARS. I'VE
LOVED MY JOB AS TOUR WARDROBE
SUPERVISOR FOR THE HARD-WORKING
SUPERSTAR ABOUT TO TAKE THE
GRAMMY STAGE.
USUALLY. I'M BACKSTAGE WITH HER
STYLIST HELPING PREP HER STAGE
CLOTHES. SO WE'VE BEEN THROUGH
A LIFETIME OF COSTUME CHANGES
TOGETHER.
OUR CLOSE-KNIT TEAM LIKES TO
THINK WE HELP HER LOOK EVEN MORE
AMAZING ONSTAGE.
BUT I BELIEVE A MUCH HIGHER
POWER GAVE HER ONE OF THE MOST
STUNNING VOICES ON EARTH.
HERE TO PERFORM HER NEW SONG“
GHOST STORY” FOR THE FIRST TIME
ANYWHERE. A GREAT ARTIST AND A
BEAUTIFUL PERSON IN EVERY WAY:
MY BOSS. CARRIE UNDERWOOD!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ YOU'RE GONNA SEE A SHADOW
MIDNIGHT PLAYING TRICKS
♪ WITH YOUR HEAD
A SILHOUETTE FLOAT
♪ DOWN THE HALLWAY
AND YOU'LL REACH FOR THE
♪ LIGHT BY YOUR BED
YOU'LL HEAR A NOISE
♪ SWEAR YOU KNOW THE VOICE
AND YOU'LL CHASE IT
♪ DOWN THE STAIRS
YOU'LL LOOK AROUND
♪ NOT A SINGLE SOUND
CAUSE THERE'S NO ONE
♪ EVEN THERE
I'M GONNA BE YOUR
♪ GHOST STORY
THAT KEEPING YOU UP
♪ ALL NIGHT MEMORY
I'LL BE HAUNTING YOU
♪ YOU'LL BE WANTING ME
I'M GONNA BE
♪ YOUR GHOST STORY
YOUR GHOST STORY
YOU'LL BE SITTING AT HOME
♪ DRINKING 'BOUT ME
WHEN I'M OUT WITH
♪ FRIENDS AT BAR
BUT THERE AIN'T ENOUGH
♪ WHISKEY FOR YOU
NOT TO MISS ME
♪ I'LL BE WAITING
AT THE BOTTOM
♪ OF THE BOTTLE
IN THE DARK
♪ I'M GONNA BE YOUR
GHOST STORY
♪ THAT KEEPING YOU UP
ALL NIGHT MEMORY
♪ I'LL BE HAUNTING YOU
YOU'LL BE WANTING ME
♪ I'M GONNA BE
YOUR GHOST STORY
♪ YOUR GHOST STORY
♪ YOU'LL WISH YOU
NEVER SAID GOODBYE
♪ WISH YOU'D NEVER
LET ME GO
♪ LET THE LOVE BETWEEN US DIE
YOU CAN CARVE IT INTO STONE
♪ I'M GONNA BE YOUR
GHOST STORY
♪ THAT KEEPING YOU UP
ALL NIGHT MEMORY
♪ I'LL BE HAUNTING YOU
YOU'LL BE WANTING ME
♪ I'M GONNA BE
YOUR GHOST STORY
♪ YOUR GHOST STORY
♪ I'LL BE HAUNTING YOU
YOU'LL BE WANTING ME
♪ I'M GONNA BE
YOUR GHOST STORY
♪ YOUR GHOST STORY
♪ ♪ ♪
YOUR GHOST STORY
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Announcer: STILL TO COME.
LENNY KRAVITZ PRESENTS THE AWARD
FOR ALBUM OF THE YEAR. AND
BROTHERS OSBORNE TAKES THE STAGE
AT THE M.G.M. GRAND GARDEN
ARENA-- ALL ONLY ON THE GRAMMYS.
THIS IS CBS.
>> Announcer: WHEREVER MUSIC
TAKES YOU. HILTON IS THERE.
HILTON. OFFICIAL HOTEL PARTNER
OF THE GRAMMY AWARDS.
TO PRESENT THE GRAMMY AWARD FOR
ALBUM OF THE YEAR: FOUR-TIME
GRAMMY WINNER. LENNY KRAVITZ.
>> GOOD EVENING. AND LET LOVE
THROW. FOR WELL OVER HALF A
CENTURY ARTISTS HAVE GIVEN
ALBUMS HAVE GIVEN ART IRSZS A
CHANCE TO SHARE EXPRESSION.
MUSIC HAS BECOME AN INTER MAT
PART OF OUR LIVES NAR RATING AND
TRANSFORMING THE CULTURE. HERE
ARE TEN ARTISTS WHO HAVE GIVEN
US THE BEST OF THEIR
CREATIVITY.
♪ ♪ ♪
>> AND THE GRAMMY GOES TO:
"WE ARE." JON BATISTE.
>> HEY!
WOW!
THANK YOU.
YOU KNOW. I REALLY. I BELIEVE
THIS TO MY CORE. THERE IS NO
BEST MUSICIAN. BEST ARTIST. BEST
DANCER. BEST ACTOR.
THE CREATIVE ARTS ARE SUBJECTIVE
AND THEY REACH PEOPLE AT A POINT
IN THEIR LIVES WHEN THEY NEED IT
MOST.
LIKE A SONG OR AN ALBUM IS MADE
AND IT ALMOST HAS A RADAR TO
FIND THE PERSON WHEN THEY NEED
IT THE MOST.
I MEAN MAN. I LIKE THANK GOD. I
JUST PUT MY HEAD DOWN AND I WORK
ON THE CRAFT EVERY DAY. I LOVE
MUSIC.
HAVE I BEEN PLAYING SINCE I WAS
A LITTLE BOY.
ST MORE THAN ENTERTAINMENT FOR
ME. IT IS A SPIRITUAL PRACTICE.
AND IT IS SO MANY PEOPLE THAT
WENT INTO MAKING THIS ALBUM. MY
GRANDFATHER SON THE ALBUM. MY
NEPHEWS. MY DAD IS HERE.
MY EXECUTIVE PRODUCER RYAN LYNN.
RIGHT HERE. COME ON. MAN. I
DON'T WANT TO BE UP HERE BY
MYSELF.
I DIDN'T DO IT BY MYSELF.
EVERY SINGLE ARTIST THAT WAS
NOMINATED IN THIS CATEGORY. I
ACTUALLY LOVE AND HAVE HAD
EXPERIENCESES. OUT OF BODY
EXPERIENCES WITH YOUR MUSIC.
I HONOR YOU.
AND THIS IS FOR REAL ARTISTS.
REAL MUSICIANS. LET'S JUST KEEP
GOING.
BE YOU. THAT'S IT.
I LOVE YOU.
GOOD NIGHT.
HEY!
PLAWS PLAWS.
>> Trevor: JON BATISTE. A
WINNER ONCE AGAIN.
CONGRATULATIONS.
YOU KNOW. THIS NIGHT HAS GONE SO
WELL.
I JUST WANTED TO SAY THANK YOU
TO EVERYONE HERE. THANK YOU TO
EVERYONE AT HOME.
I FEEL LIKE WE ARE ALL ONE BIG
HAPPY FAMILY.
THIS HAS BEEN AMAZING.
AND LUCKY FOR US. WE HAVE GOT
ONE MORE PERFORMANCE BY A GROUP
THAT ACTUALLY IS FAMILY.
AND THESE BROTHERS ARE HAPPY
BECAUSE TODAY THEY HAVE JUST WON
THEIR FIRST EVER GRAMMY AWARD.
PLEASE WELCOME THE
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
ELECTRIC
BROTHERS OSBORNE.
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ DADDY CALLED HER PRINCESS
COUNTY FAIR CALLED HER QUEEN
♪ HIGH SCHOOL
CALLED HER CUM LAUDE
♪ MOST LIKELY TO SUCCEED
HER DADDY'S BACKWOOD CRAZY
♪ SHE'S GOT TWO
SIX FOOT-FOUR BROTHERS
♪ YOU TAKE ONE STEP ONTO THAT
FRONT PORCH AND YOU'RE ONE
♪ CRAZY MOTHER
CHASE WILL
♪ LEAVE YOU BREATHLESS
EVERY BACK ROAD
♪ IN THIS TOWN SHE'LL
LOVE YOU LIKE A
♪ SUNDAY DRIVE
AND SHE'LL TAKE YOUR
♪ POOR HEART DOWN
DEAD MAN'S CURVE
♪ DEAD MAN'S CURVE
NO REDEMPTION
♪ NO RE-TURN
GOOD GOD ALL MIGHTY
♪ GONNA CRASH OR BURN DOWN
DEAD MAN'S CURVE
♪ DEADMAN'S CURVE
♪ COUNTRY BOYS
AIN'T NEVER GONNA LEARN
♪ NOBODY EVER
MAKES IT THROUGH THAT TURN
♪ DEAD MAN'S CURVE
DEAD MAN'S CURVE
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ EVERY MAN'S BEEN TEMPTED
GREATER MEN HAVE TRIED
♪ AT BEST YOU'LL WIND UP DENTED
IF YOU'RE LUCKY 'NUFF
♪ TO SURVIVE
NOW SHE'S THE FINGER
♪ THAT YOU'RE WRAPPED AROUND
SHE'S WHAT EVERY
♪ COUNTRY SONG'S ABOUT
SHE'S THE TROUBLE
♪ THAT YOU'RE LOOKING FOR
SHE'S GONNA TAKE YOU DOWN
♪ AND LEAVE YOU COMIN' BACK
FOR MORE
♪ DEAD MAN'S CURVE
NO REDEMPTION
♪ NO RETURN
GOOD GOD ALL MIGHTY
♪ GONNA CRASH OR BURN DOWN
DEAD MAN'S CURVE
♪ DEAD MAN'S CURVE
♪ COUNTRY BOYS AIN'T
NEVER GONNA LEARN
♪ NOBODY EVER MAKES IT
THROUGH THAT TURN
♪ DEAD MAN'S CURVE
GET YOUR HANDS UP!
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ WHATCHU DOING
WALKIN' UP HERE?
♪ YOU'RE A DEAD MAN
YEAH
♪ DEAD MAN'S CURVE
DEAD MAN'S CURVE
♪ NO REDEMPTION
NO RETURN
♪ NO BODY EVER
MAKES IT THROUGH THAT TURN
♪ DEAD MAN'S CURVE
DEAD MAN'S CURVE
COUNTRY BOYS
♪ AIN'T NEVER GONNA LEARN
NOBODY EVER
♪ MAKES IT THROUGH THAT TURN
ON DEAD MAN'S CURVE
♪ DEAD MAN'S CURVE
YOU'RE COMIN' IN WAY TOO HOT
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Trevor: THAT'S RIGHT.
BROTHERS OSBORNE. GOOD NIGHT
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN. THANK YOU
SO MUCH FOR JOINING US. YOU'VE
BEEN AMAZES. YOU'VE ALL BEEN
AMAZING.
HAVE A GREAT NIGHT.
♪ ♪ ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
( DEAD MAN'S CURVE PLAYS )